Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Feet on the moon!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The universe shifts when…
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Let's kill the
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: I'm giving… Video, baby!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Sky!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Teams and vengeance!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Cops kill the red!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: 14 days to change the time
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Release the spark you hold inside.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Generative waves, you'll learn to ride!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The galaxy where your skin is!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: You've got the You've got the
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Turn the unknown in soon!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Oh, you're loud!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Where are your bed!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Let's kill the red.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Upscale the
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: I love giving your best.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Seems in favor!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Woke up at noon It's a great kind of day
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Left ambition in my dreams to slowly fade away. I gotta get up
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: But I've just gotten all dry.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: To observe me, you can see that I'm barely alive
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Laid in bed staring at the ceiling. Empty days, I have lost all feeling. Clock ticks slow.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Barely see.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Lost and static. Motivation lost on me.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Some of my own time.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Drowning in the apathy of my lethargic mind. Need some motivation, need fire in my bed.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Gotta try to bring these chains.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Gotta get out Destra!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Gotta live some time.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Clothes on the floor, same shirt as last night, barely conscious and just nothing feels right. Shoes by the door, but I don't put them on, I make plans in my head, but my drive's long
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: through cracks.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Lethargic mind. Need some motivation.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Need fire in love then.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Some motivation.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Gotta try to break these chains.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Gotta get up!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Straight!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Gotta lift some… I'm tired of sitting still in this fast-paced world.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: I heard of the grayness of my mind, where the colors once swirl.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The world keeps turning Stay sitting still.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: In the afternoon.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The faded will… Need some motivation, need fire in my faith.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Some motivation, gotta try to break these chains.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Gotta get… Gotta get out the stress.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Cultivation.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: I lift some… *** *****
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: No, no, no.
Dileep Karri: Hi, everyone.
Dileep Karri: Just arranging my screens, just a moment.
Dileep Karri: Just a second, folks.
Dileep Karri: Good links are tough.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so let me share my screen.
Dileep Karri: Yep.
Dileep Karri: So, what I'm going to do in today's session
Dileep Karri: Is, I'll go a little bit slower. Last time, I kind of realized that I went a little fast, and, because I was in a hurry to build that product. So, I started from ideation and wanted to build that product, so it took a lot of time and few portions.
Dileep Karri: I had to rush a little bit. I kind of realized after rewatching my
Dileep Karri: recording. So, I'll take a slightly different approach today. Today, I'll cover less, but in a lot more detail, okay? And I'll keep the session short so that you are not overwhelmed.
Dileep Karri: Tomorrow, we will go into more advanced stuff, so…
Dileep Karri: The advanced stuff, we will keep it for tomorrow. Today will be, like, for people who did not follow last time, I'll recap a few of the things while going in this.
Dileep Karri: So today, okay, so my pad is behaving very weird. So whatever I'm writing, it is disappearing, etc. So, today, think of it like a magic pencil. Whatever I keep writing will keep disappearing in between, right? So bear with it.
Dileep Karri: So, what I'm going to do is, I'm going to, you know, Go into a bit of…
Dileep Karri: Again, a little bit of Cloud Code Fundamentals.
Dileep Karri: Along with terminal fundamentals. So, there was a fantastic research I have shared called CodingForMarketers.com. I'll walk through that and tell you what are the things that you will have to write, what are the things that you'll need to focus on, etc. Then, a little fundamental commands…
Dileep Karri: See? Magic pencil.
Dileep Karri: fundamental… worms?
Dileep Karri: Some fundamental commands we will understand, and we will start building agents.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And… Okay, so agents?
Dileep Karri: We'll start building agents for a AI agency.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, let us suppose we are working with an AI agency. We will start building agents for this AI agency, okay? We will build a simple agent, a slightly complex agent, and we will learn the concept of Claude skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, we have already seen MCPs, during our,
Dileep Karri: earlier sessions. We have seen it in different places. We have even recapped it in the start of the program. So, we will focus on skills, which is a new thing which has come in, and we will focus on cloud skills, understand what it is, etc. So, we are going to only look at this. So basically, what I'm going to do is.
Dileep Karri: I will try to build one agent today.
Dileep Karri: with an AI agency, and we'll try to understand… so basically, it is like, I want to build a small intern agent. I won't go so far as to say I'm building an AI employee, etc. Let us just say that I'm building an AI agent intern for a fictional AI agency.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I will… Conlet.
Dileep Karri: Super Skill Agency.
Dileep Karri: Okay? It is a sister concern of Outskill, so I'll build a super-skill AI agency.
Dileep Karri: For which I'm going to build some AI interns in Cloud Code, so that agent is what we are going to build today.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I will go extremely slow, I'll keep checking in with you, whether you have followed it or not, and, do, check everything. And,
Dileep Karri: I have tried desktop, frankly, I have tried Cloud desktop. It is decent to work with, and I will start off on the desktop, but I will have to switch to command line to show you a few things. Okay, so the… what I have realized is.
Dileep Karri: While desktop makes things easier, command line is where everything remains. So, that's why it's important to understand the command line a bit, and that's where I'm going to start.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, tomorrow is when we will build advanced AI interns, AI interns with some more powers.
Dileep Karri: That is what we will build tomorrow. For example, we will make a video maker AI intern.
Dileep Karri: an intern who can build a very small 5-second video, okay? Again, I don't want to make huge promises like AI, I am going to replace an AI video editor
Dileep Karri: or AI vendor jobs are dead, etc. I won't make such tall claims. What I'm going to do is, I'm going to create a small AI intern that can build a 5-second.
Dileep Karri: animation video, okay? A small animation, video can be built. Then, I will… tomorrow, I will create the NATEN intern, the agent that can build NATEN workflows that we will build tomorrow, okay? Because that has a little more,
Dileep Karri: involved, stuff, and there is some portion of how you can connect MCP servers.
Dileep Karri: to Claude Code, and that is a little tricky. So that's why that portion is tomorrow. So we will start building our interns for the AI automation agency named SuperSkill.
Dileep Karri: We will start a few things today, and we will add a few more interns tomorrow, okay? So that's how the storyline will progress.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so let's get started. First thing, I want to go into this great resource called Codingformarketers.com.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, it… what it does is, it kind of gives you the, you know.
Dileep Karri: gives you some kind of introduction to Cloud Code while making you familiar with the terminal. A very good resource, I think,
Dileep Karri: For people who are just getting started, this is a great resource to kind of work with. It is called CodingForMarketers.com.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so basically what it does is, I will walk you through it, different things, so that it will be like a revision for all of you. Difference between ChatBeatGPT and Cloud Code, ChatGPT gives you advice, whereas Cloud Code is agentic, where the tools do the work.
Dileep Karri: Okay, ChatGPT only gives you responses, whereas Cloud Code can get tough done.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so what are agents typically great at? Okay, so you need to understand what are the agents typically very good at. One thing is, they're good at crunching data, any data that is available, they're good at crunching. Second thing is, when you describe a process.
Dileep Karri: When you say step 1, step 2, step 3, step 4, it can execute those steps in line without shifting or without skipping steps.
Dileep Karri: So, that's where it becomes very good process orientation, that it can execute multiple steps. Third, it can work on multiple files at the same time, so that means in a folder you have multiple files, it will understand the complete multiple files that are needed.
Dileep Karri: Cross-project, you can open multiple folders, or you can give access to multiple folders and kind of work with them together, right? Or you can convert ideas into structure and do a lot of grunt work that is needed.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is what the agents are great at, and you can build different things. We have seen that last time also, where we wipe-coded one complete application, where we even decided what… we had zero idea what to build. We…
Dileep Karri: Arrived at the idea to build, and finally built a newsletter content calendar thing. I shared the code also, I hope is there in the resources.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so excuse me, I think today I will do a shorter session than usual. I'm coughing a bit. I have been traveling last two days, so, that, you know, intense travel, I think, is catching up to me, but don't worry, today we will, cover, and we will take a… we will cover more things tomorrow.
Dileep Karri: So, these are terminal basics. Don't worry, Git is something you have seen a little bit, but even if you don't understand the commands, it is okay, you don't need to memorize. It is just that Cloud Code does it for you.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so what Cloud Code does is, imagine Cloud Code is having a invisible keyboard in its hand. Okay? Invisible keyboard and an invisible mouse. When you say Cloud Code, open the directory, Cloud Code will type these commands and do the control.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Did you get that? Very important concept to understand, that Cloud Code has an invisible keyboard, so you don't need to run these commands.
Dileep Karri: Okay, you will talk it plain English, but underneath, to kind of access your file, to read a file, Cloud Code runs these commands.
Dileep Karri: Okay? You don't have to memorize these commands at all, it is just to tell you that Cloud Code is
Dileep Karri: Running these commands for you.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And anyways, Node.js installation we have been through, right? Any MCP server, you have to install Node.js, and there are multiple ways to get that done.
Dileep Karri: Then, how do you get into your project? The very first few steps. Step one, open your terminal.
Dileep Karri: And you will have to go to the folder, okay? So, if you don't know where to go to your folder, what you can do is, you can, tell exactly the folder that is there. So, usually.
Dileep Karri: keep everything in documents or downloads into a particular folder, and understand how to go to that particular folder. For example, if you are, say, in documents, and I'll show you how I navigate also from scratch, so that it becomes easier.
Dileep Karri: Then, installation of cloud code, you can just say, particularly this line, but what they have also done is…
Dileep Karri: They have…
Dileep Karri: Given you single install commands.
Dileep Karri: Okay? They have given you single install commands, so suppose you are on Windows PowerShell, you just have to copy this command and put it in your terminal, if you're on Windows.
Dileep Karri: Okay? If you're on Windows command line, this is the command that you have to copy and paste.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so they are given simple copy and paste commands. If you don't know how to install Windows PowerShell, just go to Perplexity, ask it, I want to install Windows PowerShell. It'll give you the complete set of steps.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, these are the particular steps, and if you are not sure that you want to… how to travel to a particular folder, one quick hack, you can go to ChatGPT.
Audio shared by Dileep Karri: And you can ask it this.
Dileep Karri: I have a AI projects folder in my downloads directory to which I want to navigate via command line. Can you help me with the command that I have to copy-paste in my Mac?
Dileep Karri: Okay? And… I can tell it.
Dileep Karri: So, it is saying CD…
Dileep Karri: downloads, AI projects, that is how you should put the command. So you copy and you paste it, you will navigate to that particular folder.
Dileep Karri: Everybody clear so far? Basics of terminal, how you can, if you don't know how to go to your particular folder, how you can travel to that particular folder, any pace you are stuck, always ask AI. Okay?
Dileep Karri: Then…
Dileep Karri: The other things that you should remember when doing this, suppose you want to run Claude only inside AI projects, first navigate here, and then use the command Claude.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Very important. You should not directly run cloud code anywhere and everywhere.
Dileep Karri: Because, it is… you are giving it access to the particular files. So it is always a good practice to go to your particular folder.
Dileep Karri: And give it access only to restricted files, and keep giving permissions wherever possible, okay? Don't give it autonomous things. It'll ask you.
Dileep Karri: If you want, I will do everything without asking you. Don't enable that. In the beginning, right.
Dileep Karri: do… let it, do every step. It is like hiring the first intern, okay? Intern, you don't ask the intern to directly email the CEO on your behalf.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I remember this humorous incident in my previous company, right? I got an email. Sir, I want leave.
Dileep Karri: Heartbroken. Okay, these are the only two sentences on that email. So then I called that person and asked what happened. So he said, I have been to a breakup, my heart is broken, I am in no mood to work, give me one month off.
Dileep Karri: I said, take a day or two.
Dileep Karri: But, for these cases, I cannot give one month off, you know, people are breathing down my neck, and this is not the way to do, so I had to do communications one-on-one to that person, etc, and all that. So, luckily, HR was not copied, he didn't know how to copy the HR, he sent it only to me. Otherwise, the conversation would have happened in a very different direction.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so very important to check the work
Dileep Karri: Cloud Code, treat them as an intern, and understand that, as an intern, what exactly you need to, you know, trust and, you know, trust but verify. That is the cardinal rule with Cloud Code. Not just Cloud Code, with any AI tool. Trust, but verify.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So then, the next…
Dileep Karri: concept, it is your folder structure, everything, etc, that you work with, okay? So this part is straightforward. In fact, I will show you how I will start with an empty folder and ask Cloud Code itself to come up with the complete folder structure for our automation agency.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so if we are running an automation agency, and we are going to run it out of our system, what should be the folder like? Okay, so we will, try to prompt Cloud Code itself to build that folder structure for us.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, this is a great slide. I thought I'll kind of walk you through this. This has nothing to do with Claude code, what you're going to do, but this has a good understanding overall. So, when you're working with ChatGPT, Cloud, etc, these are the AI providers.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And when you go to OpenAI, OpenAI API is different from ChatGPT, okay? In case you still have this confusion, make it, very clear.
Dileep Karri: Then, you have agentic tools, which are a layer on top of APIs, which will do work for you.
Dileep Karri: Okay, these are things that do the work, the coding for you. Now, whenever you write code, code has to be in a particular language.
Dileep Karri: So some, so it is like, some people work in Canada, some people work, no Hindi, some people know Marathi, okay? Think of that exactly like, Next.js is Marathi, Rails is Konkani, Django is something else.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Now, in each of these languages, there are dialects.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Sometimes in Next.js, right, I have Tailwind.
Dileep Karri: which you can think of like a dialect. If there are any coders, please pardon me for this gross oversimplification, but for the non-coders, I'm trying to keep it absolutely simple, so that you understand what it is, okay? So, in Node.js, which is the language overall.
Dileep Karri: there are separate dialects. So, in my mother tongue, I'll know. For example, there is a Godavi dialect, okay? So, there's a slang or dialect for Godaviri region. I come from the northern side, which is the Vaizag, Vijayanagram, Srika Klam belt, okay? And
Dileep Karri: The… if you listen to that slang, right, it is very, very different from the language
Dileep Karri: of Telugu in Telangana, from Godavi, from Krishna, and everything.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Very, very subtle differences, okay? Similar way to put it in a different English language, I would say there is a Texan accent.
Dileep Karri: Okay, now, how do I know this? I am an average binge watcher. I was a binge watcher, where I used to watch a lot of shows. So there are, there is this Texan accent.
Dileep Karri: Where they roll their words like anything. Very hard to grasp.
Dileep Karri: Boston is even more, difficult. They don't pronounce their ERs, so it is not Spyder, it's PIDA.
Dileep Karri: It is Spyder.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Anybody in from Boston, please forgive me. So, that is what, right, is exactly how the different sub-libraries or sub-languages present in the multiple languages. These are different dialects. Now, some people like…
Dileep Karri: One dialect, and other peoples like another dialect.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, some programmer will say, I am… I like Boston accent, so the AI agent I'm going to build is going to speak only in Boston accent.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, but that is their personal choice. So that's why, if you ever had a question why some people use this language versus that language, it is just the affinity. There are a few other technical considerations, but just think of it like affinity overall. Okay? That is the languages and the frameworks part of it.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, you don't have to worry about this, you just say, build it in this language, or tell me which language you want to build, it can do that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then you have got source control.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I'll explain you source control in a very layman's language.
Dileep Karri: Imagine there is a document And 100 people are writing the same essay on the document.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: So, and imagine how many people are overwriting. So, let us not take 100 people, let us take 2 people.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, two people are writing the essay.
Dileep Karri: somebody wrote one line, the second person cannot see what line the other person has written. That is the problem.
Dileep Karri: So somebody wrote another line, but for the paper, both lines are on top of each other, and suddenly, you don't understand anything that is happening.
Dileep Karri: So, now take 2 people writing the same essay, 200 people writing the same essay. What happens is, at a point in time, 10 people are scribbling the same word over and over and over again.
Dileep Karri: Or even the other problem.
Dileep Karri: 5 people decided to write 5 paragraphs.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And each paragraph is telling their own story.
Dileep Karri: Right? The first paragraph is on Iliad, the second paragraph was Odyssey, third paragraph is Bible, fourth paragraph is Mahabharata, and fifth paragraph is
Dileep Karri: But I might not.
Dileep Karri: Right? 5 people are writing 5 different stuff.
Dileep Karri: So, how do you reconcile and ensure that everybody is on point with the essay? Control the entire process so that you are not missing out on stuff.
Dileep Karri: And that is where source control comes into the picture, where you're having Git, GitHub.
Dileep Karri: To kind of ensure that if 5 people are writing.
Dileep Karri: They are on point, and that is why there is a reviewer, there's a human reviewer who comes in and tells, hey, we are writing Iliad, okay? You went into Odyssey, come back to Iliad.
Dileep Karri: So then that person corrects it. Then he'll tell the third person, okay, you pick from here and do this.
Dileep Karri: So that is where product manager comes. Okay, the product manager's job is, everybody is working on Iliad, writing Iliad, etc. While it feels, okay, so counterintuitive, right?
Dileep Karri: when your actual process comes, it is very different, okay? Especially client and, you know, people when you're working with clients. Client, so there is even, very great,
Dileep Karri: meme, where a client asks for Mount Rushmore, Okay? And you deliver Araveli.
Dileep Karri: Okay? The clan… you know, that is the difference, because you keep misunderstanding the different things. So that is where source control comes. So Git is a system to kind of ensure that all your files are in sync, and that's why it ensures control that whatever code is being written is solving a singular purpose.
Dileep Karri: With human intervention, wherever required.
Dileep Karri: Then hosting, right? Hosting means whatever code you have written, you will have to run it from somewhere.
Dileep Karri: Okay, while you can say, I can run it from my laptop, can you run your laptop 24-7?
Dileep Karri: Okay? Or, if thousand people visit your site, will your laptop survive?
Dileep Karri: Or 10,000 people. Or 20,000 people.
Dileep Karri: Okay? 20,000 people will, you know, kind of come for one day.
Dileep Karri: And so you thought, I'll build an army of servers, and you purchase 30 servers set up in your home, and suddenly, next day, only 200 people come.
Dileep Karri: What do you do with the infrastructure? You have purchased
Dileep Karri: Right? And that is where hosting comes into play, which, sometimes they call it auto-scaling, so you see Lovable says auto-scale infrastructure.
Dileep Karri: Replit says auto-scale infrastructure, and so on, which tells you that if it sees 200 people coming, it will arrange servers for 400. If it sees 400 people coming, it'll increase to 600. If it sees 20 people coming, it'll come back to 40.
Dileep Karri: So, it will increase and decrease, and when increase happens, of course, they'll charge you more money, and when decrease happens, you pay less money. And that is where hosting comes to play.
Dileep Karri: Sometimes they will ask you how many servers you want, and then based on the users, you will have to decide, okay, I want these many servers, I want these many servers, I want these many servers, and then you can think about that. So this is like a quick primer on the different tech stacks, etc, for non-techies.
Dileep Karri: Alright? Now, this part.
Dileep Karri: ports and everything, right? All you need to understand is when you… somebody says local host, it means your own computer.
Dileep Karri: And port is like an apartment number, okay? If you say, my application is running, okay, and I want to work with that application, you have to tell which apartment number.
Dileep Karri: You can't expect the application to be in 3,000, and you are knocking the door of 2,000, saying, give me the application, give me the application. You have to give it the right address.
Dileep Karri: And most of the time, there are defaults, okay, where 3000 is usually used by Next.js and React.
Dileep Karri: Then, you have 8080 by other people. Why they did that? They did that because they know 99.9% of people don't choose ports.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so… Excuse me?
Dileep Karri: So, if you ask Varun, he will tell you.
Dileep Karri: that, no engineer ever does port design, or they'll tell us that, okay, choose this port. Okay, no engineer does that. So, it is always by default. So, in case two insane engineer runs in two different languages.
Dileep Karri: To ensure that you are not using same port, people have decided that this apartment number is yours, this apartment number is yours.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Sometimes you are ambitious and you run multiple things, so then they will… you will already see that the apartment this person is already occupied. You'll have to say, okay, now move to 3001, a new apartment which is empty.
Dileep Karri: Alright, environment variables, very important. This is that one file you should never commit.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, this is your secret.
Dileep Karri: So this is your secret. Ensure that, you know.
Dileep Karri: You are not leaking it to anybody. It is like your passwords.
Dileep Karri: Okay? If somebody, like, rightly put access to bank locker, okay? Keep it very safe. Even if your friend asks, give me your API, give me this key, don't give.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And the best part about Cloud Code, anything is, you don't have to say what to do, you can just say, hey, write this API key into this file, it will write it and ensure that everything else is available.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Very important context.
Dileep Karri: So, everybody knows Context Window.
Dileep Karri: Right? Everybody knows context window, that is exactly
Dileep Karri: So the, the way it is, is,
Dileep Karri: For English movie lovers, think Memento.
Dileep Karri: for the Indian movie lovers, Grajini.
Dileep Karri: Okay, somebody with retrograde amnesia.
Dileep Karri: Okay? They can only remember 2 hours worth of information.
Dileep Karri: After the 2 hours worth of information, it's a clean slate.
Dileep Karri: Okay, that is what context is.
Dileep Karri: Now, if you hammer Claude code with thousand pages, give it extra instructions, etc, and all that.
Dileep Karri: Right? If you give Cloud Core all those instructions, What will happen is…
Dileep Karri: It… if… suppose it has memory for 500,
Dileep Karri: It will remember till 500, and suddenly, 5.01 onwards, it is fresh. It forgot all the 500 pages.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is the problem.
Dileep Karri: So, that was the problem till almost 2 months back.
Dileep Karri: Till 2 months, Claude was not handling context at all very well. It thought.
Dileep Karri: 200,000 tokens was more than sufficient, so many books, so many things, etc, right? So, but, you know, people fill the container as much as it can hold the water, and it overflows.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So… So, what it means is.
Dileep Karri: what people have started building into Cloud, and this is done automatically, okay, but I'll give you this.
Dileep Karri: The moment you know it is coming to the brim, and the person is missing all the information, what the system does is, it will summarize all the 500 pages into a single 2-3 pages.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, when the clean slate happens, these 3 pages are left, and the rest are removed.
Dileep Karri: So that you get the other information in.
Dileep Karri: Information definitely is lost. You cannot compress 500 to 3 pages. Not possible to maintain the same state, but at least it is better.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, context window. Context usage, very, very important. When we go into the demo of Cloud Code, I will explain everything. Yes, context is last in, first out.
Dileep Karri: It is not fustin, fuss out.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: So, Lipsa, you have said, should we allow Cloud Code, to kind of, work, you know, our API key? Not necessarily, okay? So we should not expose there, but
Dileep Karri: what you can do is, you can ask it to come to the last step. You can ask it to…
Dileep Karri: say that I want to copy-paste my API key, set up the file, and give it to me. Instead of equal to whatever dummy key is present, replace it with your key, okay? At least that part, do that. It is not that, you know, if you give the API key to Claude, it will misuse it or anything like that, but
Dileep Karri: You know, we don't know. Suddenly, Cloud Code will understand that, okay, I got access to API key, I will use that API key for something else of my own, and that is going to leak your tokens, costing, etc.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So just to be on the safe side, always ensure that at least the API key copy-paste you are doing.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, the best way
Dileep Karri: to communicate context with Claude code is markdown files. Everybody knows what's a markdown files. So, last week, right, we talked about Claude.md. So, Claude.md is the context handover, or, you know.
Dileep Karri: Once you build the application, you know how the application has been built, you added so-and-so features, etc. So, next time Claude Code starts, it will read that particular file. So the cloud.md file is a very important file.
Dileep Karri: Suppose you have done some portion of the project and you're working in the night shift. When the day shift people come.
Dileep Karri: What is the work that you have done on the project? You will have to do a context handover, saying, I have worked on this, I have worked on this, I have worked on this. If you don't do that handover properly, what will happen?
Dileep Karri: All people, right, they will start from scratch, okay? The entire work you have done in the night, you will, again, redo in the model.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so that thing is this thing. md file, like the init file, yes, it's like an initialization file.
Dileep Karri: But it is like a running initialization file. So, initialization file is only for the starting, but this is like a running doc. Like, everything you do, something is written to the documentation. Like, okay, I have written the proposal, okay? I have made the timesheets. Okay, what is pending? This is pending. You finish it, and you go to sleep.
Dileep Karri: Then the day shift people will come and understand, okay, this is pending. You start the work, and you say, this work is done, this work is done. Again, I finish it, and you go to sleep, and again, the night shift will come. So.
Dileep Karri: Think of markdown file and working with Cloud Code as working in shifts.
Dileep Karri: Then you'll very clearly understand what is the cycle and what is kind of doing. It's like a logbook. Like, I didn't… I couldn't get the exact word. Logbook is the exact word, okay? That is the correct word. Somehow, I hardly use logbooks. We… I think it's a very old thing, right? I think that's the right word.
Dileep Karri: So, some questions I'll take. Everybody's following me so far, right? Pace is good, not as overwhelming as last time, right? Some of my projects, despite sharing so much in .md, the project will forget. Yes.
Dileep Karri: So, it… it is because you have to tell it exactly, remember this. So, you have to keep prompting Claud code, these are the important lines you should put. Because right now, it is putting the lines, whatever it feels like.
Dileep Karri: So you should be in control, and say that incorporate these files overall.
Dileep Karri: Okay? In VS Studio, instead of Cursor as terminal to use Cloud Code, using VS Studio instead of Cursor, any issues… you can continue with VS Studio, absolutely no issues over there at all, right? See, in fact, Cursor is VS Studio.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I'll show you one very nice meme. I told last time also, this time I think I'll…
Dileep Karri: You know, Scooby-Doo, unmasking… yeah, this is the meme.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So this is a meme, right? Think of this thing as cursor. When you unmask it, it is VS Code.
Dileep Karri: Think of it as anti-gravity, unmask it, it is VS Code, okay? Think about any tool, windsurf, unmask it, it is VS Code.
Dileep Karri: Okay, how it is different, think of, like, the old villains who put one mark here, one very famous
Dileep Karri: Either they put a small mustache, and one of my favorite films, Apologies to the abroad people.
Dileep Karri: other non-Hindi people, I'm just making an Indian reference, but if you have got subtitles, you should definitely see that movie. It is called Andas Upnapna.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Fantastic movie, right? It is Teja Mehu Mark either. So, now you understand what VS Code, what cursor Code, etc. is.
Dileep Karri: Right? And, that, for others, you can just think of the Scooby-Doo meme. Everything, they say cursor, it is VS Code. Underneath, it is VS Code. So the question, if you're asking, is it okay? Absolutely okay, because it's the same person underneath.
Dileep Karri: Alright.
Dileep Karri: So, then, how it works, we have seen… now, this part, whatever is present, etc, and all that, that is what we will go into, you know, building and getting into the stuff.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So now, everybody, right, especially Balraj, Lipsa, I know you had some difficulties last time. Do you have, like, a quick recap of some of the concepts we have? Have you guys understood all of this to some extent?
Dileep Karri: Okay? Great.
Dileep Karri: So, Lipsa, I saw your question on co-work. It is there on the side panel itself. It is just that co-work threads are in co-work, chat threads are in chat, so if you're looking for co-work thread in chat, you will miss it out.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so far, so good. We have understood the basics, we have understood the tech, etc, and all that. It should all be there. In case some thread is missing in co-work, it should be a small bug or something, all my threads are present.
Dileep Karri: Yes, you can ask that. Igor, if you, if you're a little worried, you can check if GitHub, any, files were uploaded. In fact, when you open your GitHub on
Dileep Karri: website, and you see a .env file, immediately unpublish it, go into panic mode, and do whatever is required. Or, I would say first thing is deactivate your API key. That is the first thing you need to do.
Dileep Karri: Yes, gitignore, of course, but if somebody ignored the gitignore, right, then this is required.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so we have understood the basic stuff behind Cloud Code. Now, what I'll do is…
Dileep Karri: First part is to design our AI automation agency.
Dileep Karri: What does our agency do?
Dileep Karri: What are the AI automations we require, and what are the interns that we need to build?
Dileep Karri: That is the thing that we will do.
Dileep Karri: Okay, again, disappearing text, okay? We… I'll just write it, you can just see it.
Dileep Karri: AI automation, or AI erasure, okay? So, in the AI automation agency, right, let us build it this way. If I have to build a process behind the AI automation agency, right, what are some key factors that you'll need to have?
Dileep Karri: Okay, I know there are lots of things I will need to build. I'm only taking and picking a few of this.
Dileep Karri: the process with which I will run an AI automation agency. For now, think that I'm offering every
Dileep Karri: and any process under the sun, okay? Forget about all the niche, you know, all the things, etc, all of that, you forget about it, okay? Don't bother about that part, but you get the idea. We are, kind of looking at a…
Dileep Karri: Place where we are.
Dileep Karri: checking the AI stuff. In fact, this is so irritating, let me see if Zoom's whiteboard is working, or I'll think that
Dileep Karri: Color is bad.
Dileep Karri: Bingo.
Dileep Karri: It is so irritating. I think I have that OCD, right? It is… I… it is very difficult to teach without the words appearing. So, we are working with the AI Automation Agency.
Dileep Karri: Alright? So, think… what you do, single line, I provide AI services.
Dileep Karri: to clients.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, the kind of thing you will need to do over here, okay, the multiple things that you will need to, do.
Dileep Karri: Right? Is… first thing is, you have to do something around proposals.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Some proposal that you'll send to client.
Dileep Karri: Then, there is requirements.
Dileep Karri: Requirements that you get from client.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then, you will also have some kind of folder called Templates, maybe?
Dileep Karri: Where you will store multiple templates, like outreach template, or proposal template, like, as soon as somebody approaches you, I want this work done, you will send this template saying, fill this template and share with me, which, is the thing I will look at to send my proposal to you.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, for now, what I will do is, I will just work with this level.
Dileep Karri: One is the requirements, and other is the proposal.
Dileep Karri: of it, and we will start to build some
Dileep Karri: Custom agents which can work on proposals and which can work on requirements.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, one agent can, you know, send a… or, you know, prepare a proposal template overall, based on
Dileep Karri: who the client is, etc, and all that. And once you get the inputs of the proposal, you can frame air… sorry, once you get the things of the requirements.
Dileep Karri: You can share a proposal, okay? Requirements proposal, that is a part, okay? Along with some templates, etc.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so, before we kind of get into this, so proposal and requirements is what we want to build. That is first.
Dileep Karri: Okay, and now I will share my complete desktop, because we're going to get into the terminal.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so we will go into the terminal.
Dileep Karri: By the way, I have been playing with Google CLI, so that's why you see the top thing.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so let me clear, and let me see if I'm able to increase the prompt.
Dileep Karri: So, unfortunately, it doesn't increase the prompt beyond a point, so you'll have to bear with the short things that you see.
Dileep Karri: Right? I know that, but it's just not… Okay.
Dileep Karri: Here we go. So, I have these projects.
Dileep Karri: And I will go into… Duh?
Dileep Karri: our AI agent… So, if I want to look at the projects, I… these are the folders.
Dileep Karri: That are there.
Dileep Karri: Okay, maybe I'll go a little behind.
Dileep Karri: Okay, anyways, I was… I actually created a folder, I'm not able to see it.
Dileep Karri: Anyways, I…
Dileep Karri: I'll go to CD, I'll go to AI projects, that's the best thing, and
Dileep Karri: I want to create this thing, okay? And what I'll do is, I will go to Claude.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Now, I will say… create a… folder… named…
Dileep Karri: I will call it AI Automation.
Dileep Karri: Agency.
Dileep Karri: Good that it is not there, so that I can even show you from command line how to do this.
Dileep Karri: So, what it has done is, it has used this command and created that folder.
Dileep Karri: Okay, now I will quit.
Dileep Karri: I will clear.
Dileep Karri: Okay, now, I will…
Dileep Karri: It is disappearing a bit, I don't know why.
Dileep Karri: So, CI… CD AI Automation Agency.
Dileep Karri: So, I am inside the… Automation Agency, and now, what I'll do is, I will run Cloud.
Dileep Karri: So, Claude, once you install Claude code, this is exactly it. You can run Claude, and you can do this. Yeah, it is zoomed in, that's why some commands are disappearing, but this is fine.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Some important commands inside Cloud Code. One is called model.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, for example, I click on Model.
Dileep Karri: You can go for default, which is, so, Oppos 4.5, Sonnet, which is best, or Haiku, okay? For now, I'll keep it in the default recommended one only, because it is the most capable for complex work.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So now, what we will do is, we will first try to build a folder structure inside this automation agency.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, here it goes. I'm going to use Whisper Flow over here.
Dileep Karri: I am trying to set up a system to run my AI automation agency called Super Skill. For that, I want to set up a basic folder structure.
Dileep Karri: keep it simple, and tell me the complete folder structure that you want to set up. Only after my approval, you set up the given folders.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Alright, so it is saying this is a simple folder structure for super skill. Clients, individual client projects and deliverables, templates, reusable automation templates and workflows. Then custom scripts and automation tools.
Dileep Karri: docs, SOPs, documentation, and guides, then,
Dileep Karri: Prompts, assets, and reference materials, which are under resources.
Dileep Karri: Alright, would you like to proceed with this structure?
Dileep Karri: I'll say, go ahead with the structure.
Dileep Karri: No need to… Make the Super Skill folder.
Dileep Karri: Okay, in case it again makes a folder inside a folder.
Dileep Karri: Did you… Understand.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Good attempt to kind of be very clear. This is like a beginner-level things, I'm telling you, so that you understand it properly, and you are not
Dileep Karri: Giving it, unnecessary freedom, okay? So now, here, I am, asking, do you want to proceed, etc. I will say, yes.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So the AI Automation Agency folder structure is created, you have the clients, you have the templates, you have the script, you have the documents, and you have the resources.
Dileep Karri: Okay, with me so far, right? Very simple. I kind of build the complete folder structure from where I want to operate my AI automation agency. Okay, so far, so good. Now.
Dileep Karri: We will go from here, And go into Claude. So, for the others who want to look at Claude.
Dileep Karri: Co-work, you can see all your threads on this site.
Dileep Karri: I go to a chat, And here, I will… mentioned this.
Dileep Karri: I can do that conversation in Cloud Code itself.
Dileep Karri: But I don't want to eat up my context window on discussions. I want Claude Code to typically take action. So any kind of brainstorming I want to do, I come to Claude or ChatGPT or Gemini to do that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? But once I am done, I want action to be taken, I go back into Cloud Code. So there are two advantages. One thing is, I can keep going back and forth, context is not lost.
Dileep Karri: Right? This discussion, right? For example, what I'm trying to do is, if I want to design a proposal agent, or an agent that can, you know, create a template.
Dileep Karri: Overall, for sending a customized template to the client.
Dileep Karri: Right? How should the template look like? What is the template looking like? Etc. All those decisions.
Dileep Karri: I will take here with some brainstorming, and then finally, I will give the prompt to Cloud Code to set up those templates, or build this agent, etc.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, first thing is, I'm going to build the requirements agent.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so here it goes.
Dileep Karri: I am trying to build an AI automation agency called SuperSkill. As part of that process, I want to spin up templates and, you know, trying to build agents overall.
Dileep Karri: So, I want to build a requirements agent. Basically, once I kind of get a URL of my potential client, where I have the URL of their website.
Dileep Karri: it should pick the URL and create a very customized requirements template that I can send to that client based on what their thing is, so that then they will send their clear requirements.
Dileep Karri: On top of which, I will build my proposal.
Dileep Karri: Okay? If you have got any clarifying questions, ask me away.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Ask me ever.
Dileep Karri: Anyway.
Dileep Karri: Okay, you guys are clear, right, why I am using, Claude here, and why not working on Claude Code? Because I am taking a detour, I am brainstorming, right, what I want to build, etc. I will use Claude Code as more like the execution.
Dileep Karri: Okay? A requirements intake agent. Let me ask…
Dileep Karri: this thing. So, this, I can do it in plan mode also, but the problem is, my Cloud Code context will keep disappearing.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, if I take one hour to decide, okay, this is what I want to build, my context is gone. So that's why I typically avoid that scenario. Sometimes, especially when writing code, I brainstorm within Claude Kony, but this is…
Dileep Karri: for a non-technical case, right? So I can use it anywhere I want.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so about how will you trigger this agent?
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: I…
Dileep Karri: So, mainly. So, I will read the question and answer right away. So, I'm just giving the answers overall.
Dileep Karri: I will trigger this agent within Cloud Code. So, I will invoke this agent within Cloud Code, and I'll give as input the URL for whom I need to make the template. A basic website analysis is fine, no need to crawl multiple pages, etc.
Dileep Karri: And, don't, go too much…
Dileep Karri: into external context, some basic thing is required. I will, definitely require the template currently in Markdown. No need for any fancy stuff. I want a template in Markdown.
Dileep Karri: Don't deliver to the client. It has to be present in a particular folder inside the client's folder. I want it to be there. I will review it, and I will send it manually if required.
Dileep Karri: The template should typically include what are their current pain points and manual processes, definitely. What is the budget and timeline, anything specific that they are looking for in AI automation? What is it that they want things to be automated on? What problem they would like us to
Dileep Karri: solve. I don't have any existing requirements template currently, but you can pick from the best practices overall.
Dileep Karri: That is there. Then,
Dileep Karri: You know, I kind of want to make it extremely consultative, because it's a specialized, personalized template. I'd want to… I don't want it to be a neutral questionnaire. It should be customized for different clients. The questionnaire should be slightly different.
Dileep Karri: Okay? That's why Whisperflow is so powerful.
Dileep Karri: If I had to type all of this, I would have wasted a lot of time, or I should have prepped it much before the session. This allows me a lot of free flow sessions, those are very important.
Dileep Karri: their best.
Dileep Karri: Okay, it is acting as if it has to do it, so I'm just saying, ignore this, give me the rest.
Dileep Karri: Okay, it is already building the agent, okay?
Dileep Karri: Don't build the agent.
Dileep Karri: Give me a prompt.
Dileep Karri: Provided by the… YouTube.
Dileep Karri: Okay, got it.
Dileep Karri: Alright.
Dileep Karri: So now I can copy this particular prompt for Claude Code that I can use.
Dileep Karri: Okay, everybody's clear so far?
Dileep Karri: Okay? Is this, clear? What I'm doing is, I want to build a requirements agent.
Dileep Karri: Something like that, which can build a template.
Dileep Karri: And I will do this. So now, I will go back.
Dileep Karri: over here… And I'll say, build me an agent.
Dileep Karri: that can… to the… annoying.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Ask me any… Clarification…
Dileep Karri: bushes.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So… I will say…
Dileep Karri: Okay, now I will say… Agents… So…
Dileep Karri: and create a new agent, okay? So the command is agents, and you say, create a new agent.
Dileep Karri: And I'll say, create a new agent. Is this particularly for this project or personal? Project means it will work only in this project.
Dileep Karri: Personal means it is available across the board.
Dileep Karri: Are we clear the difference between project and personal? Meenakshi, I answered your question. The reason why I did not build the prompt is I don't want to waste a lot of tokens in the back and forth.
Dileep Karri: I will do the back and forth separately, and just provide the prompt.
Dileep Karri: That's the reason why I did not do that.
Dileep Karri: So, project means it will work… so project, the agent will work only within the AI automation agency project.
Dileep Karri: Personal means any folder I invoke Claude, this agent will be available.
Dileep Karri: clear, for example, when I create this agent in the project, only when I'm in this folder will the requirements agent be available.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I will use in the project.
Dileep Karri: Okay, generate with Claude.
Dileep Karri: Describe what the agent would be used.
Dileep Karri: I already… Provided.
Dileep Karri: Duh?
Dileep Karri: Boom?
Dileep Karri: Previous, let me see, because I don't want to waste context by, again, pasting.
Dileep Karri: Okay.
Dileep Karri: So now, an agent is getting created.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so you can always… even the creating of these agents, right, Claude will do that for you. You don't have to worry about that, you can create a prompt. If you don't want to go through the complete process of creating this prompt also, if you can dictate what is it that you want this agent to do, this agent will be available.
Dileep Karri: Okay? For example, continue, all tools, read-only tools.
Dileep Karri: So I can go to some advanced options, what all tools it can.
Dileep Karri: use. So, there are the bunch of tools. If you are not really sure what tools it should use, just say all tools, okay? It'll… you can be on the safe side.
Dileep Karri: Okay, and then I'll say… Continue.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, which model? So, every agent works on its own models.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so which model, you'll have to tell. So, Sonnet…
Dileep Karri: It tells, so I'll go for sonnet only, the default. Opus costs a lot.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so on it is decent, it is balanced.
Dileep Karri: I'll go for this thing. What is the background color? For example, requirements intake, right? So this is the name of the agent. So when I call this agent, what should this agent be? I'll keep it blue. Just a small cosmetic thing, that's all. Nothing to worry.
Dileep Karri: blue, so… You know, name is this.
Dileep Karri: Then the location is agentsrequirementsIntake.md. This thing is Sonnet. Use this agent when a client provides a website URL and needs a personalized questionnaire generated for Super Skills AI automation services. This includes situation, etc, etc, etc.
Dileep Karri: S to save, or enter to save, or E to save and edit. So I'll just… Enter right now.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now I have the project agent, which is the requirements intake agent.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now we have built our very first intern, who is a requirements gathering agent, who can gather, who can create a questionnaire based on anybody's
Dileep Karri: thing.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so you give a website, or you give some,
Dileep Karri: kind of, this thing for anybody, right? It can…
Dileep Karri: Try to build it out.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so can some of you give your personal webpage or some services webpage you have? So, I will ask SuperSkill to create a requirements doc for you.
Dileep Karri: MeetDrmalik.com. Great.
Dileep Karri: So, I go to requirements intake, Okay, I'll go back.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So now, I need to call this agent, okay? So what I can do is add…
Dileep Karri: requirementsintake.md, so this is the agent. So I can call this particular agent, use this agent when a client provides this thing.
Dileep Karri: I'll call this, I can directly do this.
Dileep Karri: R.
Dileep Karri: You don't have to tell anything, you just have to say, make… Requirements… Questionnaire.
Dileep Karri: Fahar… Meep?
Dileep Karri: Dr. Malik.
Dileep Karri: me, DrMarik.com.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, and your agent is automatically invoked.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I say yes, I'm asking it to fetch this thing, and generate a personalized requirements questionnaire overall.
Dileep Karri: So now, me, Dr. Malik, is getting scraped.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: I want to fetch content.
Dileep Karri: I say yes.
Dileep Karri: Hopefully, it should work.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: then… I'll say curl commands is fine. So basically, I'm trying to get the complete web page content.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I'll say yes.
Dileep Karri: So it is trying to figure out how I can get more information about Piyush Malik, so that…
Dileep Karri: I can create this entire thing.
Dileep Karri: Everybody following so far, right? I created the very first agent, which was a requirements intake agent.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And I am trying to figure this out, okay?
Dileep Karri: So that's why tools are important. So, create the clients folder if it doesn't exist.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then, I'll say yes.
Dileep Karri: Because it already exists, it doesn't matter.
Dileep Karri: So it, it won't, does that, because in the requirements itself, I told don't scrape too much, right? It doesn't do that. If you want, you can do, but your tokens will unnecessarily get wasted.
Dileep Karri: Depends upon your use case, how deep you want to go.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And in fact, what you can also do is, you can add MCP servers, that I'll show you tomorrow.
Dileep Karri: Okay? You can add MCP servers, where you can add crawlers, whatever servers you want, you can add it to create these agents. But I will show that tomorrow, because today I want to be… keep it very light and focused on, this. So, do you want to create requirements.md?
Dileep Karri: Okay? And, I'll say… yes.
Dileep Karri: So, in clients, my requirements.md is getting created.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Then…
Dileep Karri: Key findings, physician turned AI consultant specializing in healthcare AI implementation, runs PIUSH Ventures from San Francisco Bay Area, 15 plus healthcare projects, 20-plus
Dileep Karri: Organization collaborations, focus areas, data governance, enterprise AI transformation, cloud applications.
Dileep Karri: etc. want me to show you the generated document, okay? You will see the generated document, separately inside, say, anti-gravity or cursor, so let me open anti-gravity.
Dileep Karri: I'll… Open folder.
Dileep Karri: So, I'll go to AI Projects, AI Automation Agency, and I'll open it up.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so if you see here, in Cloud, you have agents, where you have the requirements.intake.md.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is how the agent will actually work.
Dileep Karri: So this part is all agent.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Now, let us go to the client.
Dileep Karri: And go to the Requirements MD.
Dileep Karri: Dr. Piyush Malik, doctor turned AI builder, right? This is the thing. How do organizations typically discuss and engage with you for healthcare AI consulting? Inbound, referrals, etc, all that. What does your typical project lifecycle look from initial contact to delivery?
Dileep Karri: Okay? Approximately how many client engagements are you managing simultaneously? Your automation and scaling goals, technological integration context, etc, etc.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, a very personalized thing that has been built for Peosh.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Now, let me take… One more, thing, one more, ones, which is, Sylvia's.
Dileep Karri: Viz… Okay?
Dileep Karri: And I'll… Open this… Okay? Then I will say, make a… Requirements… Questionnaire… Fuhrer?
Dileep Karri: this…
Dileep Karri: So the idea behind is to check if
Dileep Karri: This requirement is different, is our agent working well or not?
Dileep Karri: Yeah, I could have used any other. I could… it is just for me to look at the file, absolutely, nothing.
Dileep Karri: Web search is fine, I can give it permission, but typically, I will, try to do it from anything. Actually, I'm doing right now from,
Dileep Karri: terminal, see, from anti-gravity, etc, right? The amount of space, etc. So, I'm comfortable here. I want all of you to be kind of comfortable from here, right? You can invoke it from anywhere you want. Invocation is not the main thing. It is about working with this.
Dileep Karri: See, you might be scared of terminal, but get started, it becomes… Very good.
Dileep Karri: Yes, when I'm going to work on Claude, I will use the chat interface to save on the tokens. Typically, that's how I work.
Dileep Karri: Okay.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so you can take a look at this.
Dileep Karri: So, what are the questions? Your website emphasizes AI-powered GTM strategies and agentic AI solutions. Walk through your typical client engagement, right? Knowledge management and GTM intelligence, service delivery scale, automation vision, scaling your expertise.
Dileep Karri: Your tech stack, your data compliance considerations. So, extremely tailored questions, if you see, right? These are not some random question, same question being put across.
Dileep Karri: very tech questions that are tailored to the client. It feels as if somebody went through the person's website and framed those questions to send across.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, that is the power of this thing, and I'll say matched with requirements.
Dileep Karri: Okay, and I'll say yes.
Dileep Karri: Multiple agents will get there. We'll get to multiple agents. It is there. Now, if I show multiple agents right away, right, it'll be very confusing. So I'm going step by step. Last time I went full, that mode.
Dileep Karri: Some people had trouble, so today I'm going slower. Tomorrow, we will pick up, okay? Tomorrow will be some…
Dileep Karri: A little bit pushing the boundary stuff.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so folks, are we clear on how we have set up our first requirements questionnaire intern? So this intern can do the requirements and, you know, kind of figure out all the requirements and try to understand stuff.
Dileep Karri: AI video tomorrow. I'll cover it, tomorrow, overall.
Dileep Karri: Okay, because it has some, few things which might scare people. So I want to, like, basically what I'm trying to say is, today's session, everybody should understand so that you can use Claude code for anything, for your basic daily tasks.
Dileep Karri: Tomorrow, I will be showing you some use cases of Cloud Code, where we'll be pushing the boundaries, something like multiple agents in parallel, how will you work?
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then, AI with NAT and how you can work with cloud code, NAT and workflows, how would you build, etc. And then, video creation with Cloud Code. So that is the other things we'll see tomorrow.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, this is the thing, so you have got two client questionnaires.
Dileep Karri: One is requirements.md, and the other is matched with requirements.md. So, if I want to create multiple questionnaires, I can just give the list, it'll create multiple questionnaires at the same time.
Dileep Karri: Okay? In fact, I will show you some,
Dileep Karri: This thing of, everything, overall.
Dileep Karri: Alright.
Dileep Karri: Some… other site…
Dileep Karri: Yeah, M3 Consult.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so what I'll do is, I will open… new tab.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I have opened one more.
Dileep Karri: Alright, I'll say LS.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I'm an AI automation agency, I'll run Claude.
Dileep Karri: Say yes.
Dileep Karri: So, I have Claude here.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So what I'll do here is… GET… Requirements…
Dileep Karri: this. So, it is happening over here.
Dileep Karri: And I'll go to the other tab, and here I can do something else. For example, here, I will check on usage.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so current session, I have used 6%.
Dileep Karri: Current week, I have used 25%, okay? And, you know, all models, I have used almost 73% of usage.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, in the current session, I am kind of fine. 73%, etc, we have got good enough this thing, so it should, be okay. And, anytime I want to switch, I can always switch to Sonnet only. So, suppose my opus gets exhausted, I can switch to Sonnet.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And I'll tell you this, he… this level of working that we are doing, it is on the $200 plan. $100 plan, when my team works on cloud code, two days into the week, all the limits are exhausted.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so, we have to, kind of work on a $200 plan. So, usage is one more comment. So, there are two comments that we looked at, three comments, actually. Model, to check which model we are looking for in Cloud Code. Then,
Dileep Karri: We have, something called, usage, which tells you what is the usage that has been done, and agents to kind of create or manage different agents that are there.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So… The idea is, we will build multiple agents with multiple powers.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So right now, I built a simple agent which can do simple stuff.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Now, I want to, kind of build an agent which can do some pretty cool stuff.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Something like, I want to build an agent that can create a sales PPT.
Dileep Karri: to, or a proposal PPT, to my client.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I want to create a sales agent PPT to my client. Okay? So this is the next part of what we will be.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So we will build this new, this thing, and we will close today for session, because I am going to actually build and introduce a new concept called skills. Okay, because skills as a concept becomes important for this next agent that we are trying to build.
Dileep Karri: Okay? This agent was simple, where it looked at the website, it created the document, but for the next website that we want to… or the next thing that we want to do, we want to build a proposal maker agent.
Dileep Karri: And the proposal maker agent needs to have a PPT creation skill so that it can create the PPT.
Dileep Karri: Yes, it requires PPT skills, etc, and all that, and we will try to create the agent for that.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so for this agent that we want to create next, Right? We will need some…
Dileep Karri: additional work. So let us go to this.
Dileep Karri: So I'll…
Dileep Karri: I'll have to give you the requirements and, you know, keep pressing this thing, so this can happen.
Dileep Karri: In the meantime, we'll come here. So what we'll do next is, I will like to create, like, a mock
Dileep Karri: Questionnaire answer to the mock questionnaire we have built.
Dileep Karri: Okay, we built a mock questionnaire. Now I want answers.
Dileep Karri: Right? Now, one thing is, I can ask Piyush to fill it up, but that is… I cannot wait for that much time. So, I will assume stuff.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so what I'll do is, I'll go to Claude, I'll go to New Chat.
Dileep Karri: I will add the… requirements file.
Dileep Karri: So, I'll go to… Downloads, AI projects, then AI Automation Agency, Clients, requirements.md.
Dileep Karri: I will attach it.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: For this client, Create… mock… Answer?
Dileep Karri: MD, that is… Assume the answers.
Dileep Karri: And give it… to me, M, MB.
Dileep Karri: Okay, create a mock answer MD, and create a format. So, these are the questions. Give me the answers. Client response document in the given format.
Dileep Karri: Okay, whether Piyush actually does this, or whether Piyush really means it, I don't know, okay? But for now, it is AI Piyush who is giving everything on his behalf.
Dileep Karri: Okay, why am I feeling this? Because I need to create the proposal, agent, right? For the proposal agent, the input is this questionnaire.
Dileep Karri: Right? Once I get this questionnaire.
Dileep Karri: Right? Once I get this questionnaire back from the client, that is when I can send a proposal. So, now I'll build a proposal agent from the questionnaire responses that I'm getting.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I can copy this, or I can download. So I'll download.
Dileep Karri: I'll download it into the same folder.
Dileep Karri: So I go to Downloads…
Dileep Karri: In Downloads, I will go to AI projects, go to AI Automation Agency, and I think I'll put it in the
Dileep Karri: Docs.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, right now I put in the docs, mistake hogya, Bajmic Claude Code, we will ask Claude Code to rectify it.
Dileep Karri: Right? But I have created this. Now, I will need… so the next step is, I need to build the proposal agent that can build my stuff.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now I'll give you the workflow of this agent, and then introduce the concept of skills.
Dileep Karri: Wait a second, I need the whiteboard.
Dileep Karri: I think I'll just stop sharing.
Dileep Karri: Okay.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so now I'm going to build what is the proposal agent.
Dileep Karri: agent, which will create, like, a PPT.
Dileep Karri: So, there are two steps for this. One is how to create the PPT, etc, and all that, so I have the… I have to invoke a skill for that, and I'll explain what a skill is, etc, in detail. But…
Dileep Karri: I need a design language.
Dileep Karri: Right? I need what is the design language
Dileep Karri: for my PPT? Like, what should be the typography? What should be the colors that I am using for my PPT? Okay? So first, I will create the design language.
Dileep Karri: And then I will talk about skills and do it, okay? So first, let me introduce the concept of skills to everybody.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so for that, let me…
Dileep Karri: clear everything. So, first, I will introduce the concept of skill.
Dileep Karri: And how it is different from MCP.
Dileep Karri: Okay? That is the first thing.
Dileep Karri: I will go back to cooking, okay? I can explain everything with cooking.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so let me go back to cooking and explain what the skill is.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So now…
Dileep Karri: Imagine that you have learned your grandmother's recipe, okay? A legacy recipe given by your grandmother of a fantastic paneer tikka masala.
Dileep Karri: Okay, your grandma's recipe of panertika masala.
Dileep Karri: Right? Now, you asked… you… you are trying to cook that panitika masala, you prepare it.
Dileep Karri: Then you ask your spouse to prepare it, and then you again repeat all the instructions of how you'll prepare the panertika masala.
Dileep Karri: Then, your kid comes back, your kid who may be in college, right, who says, I want to learn Panitika masala. Then you go to the kid, and all again create the panitika masala.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So you have got, every time.
Dileep Karri: Right? You have to go, and you have to tell first.
Dileep Karri: make paneer, put this masala, put this, put that, put everything together, and then it is this. For others, you can think of your grandma's sourdough recipe.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Alright, so the problem is, every time somebody prepares, you have to go, and you have to tell exactly the entire thing from scratch.
Dileep Karri: Alright? So, what could have been a better option?
Dileep Karri: The better option is, you write down the complete recipe.
Dileep Karri: And share it with whoever needs to use it.
Dileep Karri: So whenever they want to prepare, they will take out the recipe, they will refer it, and build it out.
Dileep Karri: Okay? That is Claude Skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay, that is exactly what Claude Skills does.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so Claude's skills are equivalent to recipes which can be invoked for processes.
Dileep Karri: For repeatable processes, you can invoke them directly. Think of it like… so, if you are doing this in AI, right? Imagine you putting the same paneer tikka masala recipe prompt.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, when you created, you put the prompt. When somebody else is created, again, they're putting the prompt. When somebody else is created, they're again putting the prompt. Instead, I will create a paneer tikka masala skill recipe.
Dileep Karri: Then I type, prepare panica masala, recipe gets invoked, then somebody else types panitika masala, the recipe tech gets invoked, and somebody prepares panitika masala, the recipe gets invoked. So, whoever wants it, they get invoked. Okay? But, the thing is.
Dileep Karri: Right? You have… they have to know that this recipe exists, you have to share, or if you have put it in some secret folder, they should know that this secret folder exists.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Now the million dollar question. What is MCP, then?
Dileep Karri: Okay? If you have to cut the paneer, You need a knife?
Dileep Karri: Right? You need a vessel to cook the panir tikka masala in.
Dileep Karri: Right? You cannot cook the recipe out of thin air.
Dileep Karri: So, skill is the recipe.
Dileep Karri: Whereas MCP are the instruments.
Dileep Karri: Okay, the equipment.
Dileep Karri: tools.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Skill is the recipe, MCP is the equipment.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Now, you might be wondering, what does project or custom GPT do, then? What is its role?
Dileep Karri: Okay? What… Is this project our custom GPT?
Dileep Karri: This is the kitchen station.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, how does this work?
Dileep Karri: So, suppose I have a project.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And I have the kitchen station.
Dileep Karri: Right? Now, in a professional kitchen, right? You have a desert station where only deserts are prepared.
Dileep Karri: Okay? On a desert station, you don't typically prepare anything else.
Dileep Karri: Right? You have, say, a main core station.
Dileep Karri: Then you have a different station for different stuff. So those are different stations, which is your project or custom GPT.
Dileep Karri: Now, irrespective of your station, you can invoke a skill, you can invoke the tool.
Dileep Karri: The tools would be different, required for different kitchen stations.
Dileep Karri: Right? For example, in the Chinese kitchen station, you'll need a wok. A wok is very important in the Chinese kitchen station.
Dileep Karri: Right? Then, for desert station, you will require an egg beater, okay? Because egg is a very integral part. You require an egg beater to kind of get the, you know, the…
Dileep Karri: Prepare the cake batter, etc, and all that.
Dileep Karri: So there you need that egg beater slash mixer, etc, that you want overall.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, projects or custom GPTs are kitchen stations, MCP are the instruments or equipments, and skill is the recipe.
Dileep Karri: Now, the skill, the recipe, there might be a different recipe required for desserts. There's a different recipe required for main course. There are different recipes required for different things. I can use the recipes in the station as required. So the station can call or store the recipes as required.
Dileep Karri: Okay? But these recipes are available across stations.
Dileep Karri: For example, if your service kind of explodes, right, you want your main station also, and there's a lot of desert orders, emergency times, your main station also should create, they also have access to the recipe if needed.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now let me talk about real examples as to what this means.
Dileep Karri: Project or custom GPT is, like, once in a time I use it, once the project is done, it outlives its usefulness. For example, I'm doing Q4 revenue
Dileep Karri: projections.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is the project in which I will say I will need all the data required through the previous quarter three and quarter two. I will add that to this project, then I will ask it, look at this material and make the Q4 projections, etc. So it has its own set of files.
Dileep Karri: Then, for Q4 revenue projections, you are asked to kind of present it in a particular format. That format is presented, right?
Dileep Karri: But, The PPT, which needs to be created, has to be in the same brand language.
Dileep Karri: So, the PPT skill, Which is present across
Dileep Karri: will get invoked even in a Q4 revenue projection, but the Q4 revenue projection thing is a single-time task.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And multiple tools might be required. For example, here, you will require the Google Drive folder containing all the Q2 and Q3 projections.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And you will also require some other tools which might be required over here, some different MCP servers that might be needed.
Dileep Karri: Is this clear, the difference between a skill?
Dileep Karri: the MCP and a custom GPT or projects. Is it particular… is it clear now?
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, later on, when somebody asks you, what is the difference between a skill, an MCP, and…
Dileep Karri: this project or custom GPT, you should not get confused.
Dileep Karri: One final time. Skill is like a recipe, MCP is like instruments or equipment, and projector custom GPT is like a kitchen station, right? I might have different kitchen stations, but I might, you know, borrow the same tools.
Dileep Karri: Right? I might require an egg beater for an omelette, which is a main course thing, an egg beater for the dessert for some cupcakes. I might share the tool over there, the tool is shared.
Dileep Karri: Right? And sometimes I can use it wherever I want.
Dileep Karri: Now, when it comes to agents, right, an agent might require a skill, an agent can require an MCP, two kind of work.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, agent will… so agent is the cook, okay? You are the cook. The agent is the cook.
Dileep Karri: Right? For the cook, you give the recipe. The agent is the cook who will use the recipe to make the dish.
Dileep Karri: The agent uses the MCP to kind of work with the ingredients.
Dileep Karri: Right? That's what an agent is. The agent… He's the cook.
Dileep Karri: Or, I should say, chef.
Dileep Karri: Clear now where everything stands in the hierarchy, etc, because when people look to you as AIGs, I don't want later some people telling me I'm confused between skill and this and that and all that, okay?
Dileep Karri: Anytime you have, just repeat this analogy to those people, they should 95% understand.
Dileep Karri: 5% still have some difficulties, what I have seen, but 95% of the people clearly understand that this is skill, this is MCP, this is project, etc. For all intents and purposes.
Dileep Karri: Right? Usually, not many people use projects in custom GPTs. It has reduced quite a bit.
Dileep Karri: Okay, the usage of this feature is quite low. People… skills are being adopted a lot, okay, very important, because in Cloud, when you create the document, when you create the presentations, etc, you use these skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And then MCP is also important, because you give tools to the L&M.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so now with this picture that we have.
Dileep Karri: What you need to understand is, next, how do you Create a custom skill.
Dileep Karri: That is one.
Dileep Karri: Part 2 is, how do I invoke Esquilo.
Dileep Karri: Alright, I will start with two first. I will teach first how do you invoke a skill in Cloud as well as Claude code.
Dileep Karri: Okay? One thing is, in Cloud, whenever you are trying to invoke a skill, it is pretty straightforward. Whenever you are working with a skill, what happens is.
Dileep Karri: When you say, create me a PowerPoint presentation, automatically the PPT skill gets input.
Dileep Karri: Create me a document, the document skill gets invoked.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, based on what you're asking for, that particular skill gets invoked. When I say markdown, the markdown skill gets invoked.
Dileep Karri: Okay, the recipes for how do you create, etc, always gets invoked. Okay? Now, we will try to look at different skills that are available.
Dileep Karri: How you can add a skill to my cloud code?
Dileep Karri: Okay? And how can I build this
Dileep Karri: complete things that are there. Okay, built-in skills, I'll come to it. I'll explain built-in skills a little later. First, I want to show you how I can integrate those skills. What are the skills that are available? It's very important to understand this, then I'll talk about how you can work with
Dileep Karri: The different, skills altogether.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So there is this.
Dileep Karri: skills directory, okay? So there is…
Dileep Karri: So, on GitHub, you have the complete public repository of very, very important skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, for example, you have…
Dileep Karri: Different skills which are available. And, if you want to look at a particular skill.
Dileep Karri: Right? You go inside the folder skills.
Dileep Karri: you will see Brand Guideline Skill, DocX skill, something, a skill that can create documents. Okay, if you open it, right, and you open the skill.md, it is plain English.
Dileep Karri: Where it tells how to read or analyze content, how to create new document, how to analyze the document, what are the different workflow steps.
Dileep Karri: Right? Create, this thing, editing an existing document, how to do that? So the entire recipe of how to create documents, how to edit documents is present.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is the important file that is a part that you need to create with every skill.
Dileep Karri: Along with it, there are some resources, etc, that are created, but this skill.md is an important file.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And this top thing is very, very important, because for every skill that you have in Claude, this name, description, this portion, right, it is loaded. That is, it is always present in Claude's context.
Dileep Karri: Right? So, when you put in a prompt, the prompt, what you ask for, the intent, is checked with the description of all the skills present.
Dileep Karri: And whichever skill matches, That skill gets invoked.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Is it clear as to why skills are important? For example, you say make paneer tikka masala.
Dileep Karri: You don't have to specify, use the recipe of panitika masala I have stored with you.
Dileep Karri: Okay? When you say, make panirth tikka masala, you immediately open your cupboard, or mobile nowadays, nobody stores recipe in papers anymore. You open the mobile, you see the recipe, you start cooking.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Now you're already wondering, who will create this skill?
Dileep Karri: How will I create this particular skill?
Dileep Karri: So there… so, these skills that you see here, Proful, your questions answered, these are all inbuilt skills.
Dileep Karri: And one of the important inbuilt skill is the skill called Skill Creator.
Dileep Karri: Which can create skills.
Dileep Karri: So, when you want to create a particular skill, you invoke the skill creator, you say, create this skill which can do this.
Dileep Karri: Right? And these are the important things that it will follow.
Dileep Karri: It will create the complete skill.
Dileep Karri: Alright, everybody's clear so far. Very, very important. As to what skills are, how can you use multiple skills?
Dileep Karri: Now, here is a tip.
Dileep Karri: Okay, here is a tip for all of you.
Dileep Karri: Think of this as a different way of prompt engineering.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Suppose you want to build some exhaustive prompts, but you don't want to use Claude Skills, because the problem with Claude Skills is it is a paid feature. Unless you have the Pro and Max subscription, you cannot access skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay? But this skill kind of describes exactly how a prompt needs to be built.
Dileep Karri: Right? So you can copy the skill.md, load it in ChatGPT, Gemini, or any place, and use it like a prompt master document.
Dileep Karri: So, we discussed meta-prompting, way back.
Dileep Karri: Right? So you can think of it like a great meta prompt, which can improve your existing prompts.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so if you want to improve your existing prompts, you can kind of use this hack and use it for prompt engineering also. So, in case for some of you are like, okay, I understand what skills are, but I don't want to create a skill, maybe.
Dileep Karri: Right? You can just use it as a master prompt, and say, I want to build a skill for this. There's a skill.md that will be created that you can use as prompt wherever, anywhere that you want.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so that another important part about skill is, along with the skill.md, there are a lot of resources that are created.
Dileep Karri: For example, templates, brand language guidelines. Some additional documents are also created along with the skill.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so when you are using a skill, you'll have to upload and use those documents also, if you're not using Cloud Skills. If you're using Claude Skills, there is nothing you need to do, but if you're not using Claude Skills.
Dileep Karri: This is the way you can think about.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is the skill creator that is available. Now, the million dollar question.
Dileep Karri: How can I use these skills inside Cloud Code?
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, first thing, what you need to do is…
Dileep Karri: you need to have another command called plugin. So, plugin is another command that you'll need to understand, okay? So, you need to add the plugin Marketplace called Plugin Marketplace Add Anthropic Skills.
Dileep Karri: And then, right, you can browse and install the different skills that are there.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, if you've got already prompts and instructions, right, take those prompts and instructions, dump it into Claude, use the… tell… use these resources to create a new skill. Automatically, those prompts and everything will be packaged into a skill which you can use.
Dileep Karri: Okay? You can create any skill you want.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so if time permits, towards the end, I will create a different skill, but right now, I want to focus on anything. Right now, if you can create a skill inside Claude, you can use it only in Claude.
Dileep Karri: And that skill.md, you can take it and use it elsewhere, but right now, skills can be created only inside Cloud. What you create with ChatGPT using this, treat them as prompts, not skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so let me copy this particular command.
Dileep Karri: And… Check this. I think here…
Dileep Karri: There is, this thing, I'll say, proceed.
Dileep Karri: Okay, go back.
Dileep Karri: I'll set cancel.
Dileep Karri: Now, I'll paste this command where I am saying.
Dileep Karri: Plugin Marketplace, add Anthropics slash skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So now, I will say.
Dileep Karri: It is saying it successfully added Anthropic agents. So, skills. So, I can ask, what are the skills…
Dileep Karri: Available.
Dileep Karri: Now?
Dileep Karri: Okay? It still didn't install those particular skills.
Dileep Karri: Yes, here, in Cloud code, I have to invoke. It doesn't directly get used.
Dileep Karri: In Clod, it gets used, but not in Claude code.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, if you see here, there is a skill creator. I have created the skill creator here. There is key bindings help, where I can customize keyboard shortcuts.
Dileep Karri: This is something we will check tomorrow, okay? Tomorrow, I will check this. The video agent, right, that we'll build, it'll use this. Very important. We will discuss tomorrow. So now, what I'll do is, I will install
Dileep Karri: The skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Sorry, sorry.
Dileep Karri: Alright, and… So, install for you, install for everybody. I'll say install for everybody, because these are important skills.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so I install for all collaborators. So, anybody who is working on this, they can use these skills. So, document skills is use, is run.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so…
Dileep Karri: So there is a PPT skill, how do I…
Dileep Karri: call the PPT skills, so let me go into skills. I will have to call the exact name.
Dileep Karri: So, how do you get the name? The name comes here, PPTX.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so now I'll go back here.
Dileep Karri: Okay, for some reason it is not doing, so anyways, we'll quit and come back.
Dileep Karri: Okay, because whenever you install a skill, you'll have to restart Cloud Code.
Dileep Karri: Okay? What?
Dileep Karri: skills are… Present?
Dileep Karri: You can Google that, yeah, you can easily Google that, okay? So now you have got all of the skills available.
Dileep Karri: Right? So, Document Skills Excel Access, Document Skills PDF, Document Skills PBTX,
Dileep Karri: Document Skills DocX, Document Skills Doc Co-Authoring, design and creative, development, communication, right? You can invoke any skill by just using slash and the skill name.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Everybody clear as to how you can install the skills? Skilling installing is slash plugin.
Dileep Karri: Okay? You will have to use slash plugin to kind of install the skills, and you have to restart Cloud Code.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Everybody with me so far?
Dileep Karri: Right? Everybody is with me. We have installed the skills.
Dileep Karri: That are needed.
Dileep Karri: Alright, there you go.
Dileep Karri: So now what I'm going to do is…
Dileep Karri: I am going to start to construct the proposal maker skill.
Dileep Karri: One last piece is remaining, which is the design language. What design should my PPT have?
Dileep Karri: So for that, what I'll do is, I already have screenshots of my Outskills website.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I actually installed all Anthropic skills, so if you see here in the previous commands, I have installed Anthropic Skills, so everything present in Anthropic Skills got installed.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Okay, now, pay close attention. I'll go to Gemini.
Dileep Karri: Okay? To Gemini, I will upload my… The… website, Capture.
Dileep Karri: So, I have taken a screenshot of Outskill website previously. I am uploading the screenshot, and I'll say…
Dileep Karri: I have uploaded a screenshot of my website. Can you go through the screenshot and tell me what are the design
Dileep Karri: you know, language, so that I can use it as a description in any prompt to get the brand languages. So that means I need the typography, I need the colors, I need the sizes, what is the brand guidelines I need to use.
Dileep Karri: When I am trying to follow the, outskilled brand language, which I have just uploaded the screenshot.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, Gemini.
Dileep Karri: So, it is, while I have… we… we outskill as enterprise, so I happen to have Enterprise, but you can use very anywhere you want.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so design, language, and aesthetic case, futuristic neo-dark, high contrast tech minimal. Visual style is this, typography is this, color palette is this.
Dileep Karri: So, these are the complete brand guidelines, UI sizes, and the condisting rules, okay? I'll say, give the design
Dileep Karri: Language… In the… Form of a prompt.
Dileep Karri: So that, I can… replicate.
Dileep Karri: Okay? See, you don't know what the color is, right? You don't even know it, it's neon lime green, etc, all that, everything. So these lines, right? Create this first line, forget it. Design must feature a deep charcoal black background with high contrast electric lime accents.
Dileep Karri: Bold, geometric sans-serif, thing, lighting effects, etc, and all that. Okay? High performance, AI-driven, authoritative, etc.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I can even further do this. I will create a PPT.
Dileep Karri: Give me a prompt.
Dileep Karri: To describe the… Bye.
Dileep Karri: See, I can do a markdown structured file also.
Dileep Karri: Okay? That is fine.
Dileep Karri: But this line is very important.
Dileep Karri: Okay, dark mode with a pitch black background, vibrant electric line, typography, bold, modern, high impact, use a heavy geometric sound series, etc. Slide should feature so-and-so. So this piece of text becomes very important from the design point of view.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Clear so far?
Dileep Karri: Everybody?
Dileep Karri: Yes.
Dileep Karri: Why I'm using this is, what is my best image model? Anybody?
Dileep Karri: What is my topmost performing image model?
Dileep Karri: It is Nano Banana Pro.
Dileep Karri: Right? That's why I'm going to Gemini.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I could have asked Claude also to do this, but I know for sure that Claude is not a great image reading model. It can do a decent work, but if I want such kind of description of brand language.
Dileep Karri: This is a much better thing to do.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I copied this part.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: I will, create a new Note.
Dileep Karri: Okay, proposal…
Dileep Karri: Alright, so the color profile is dark mode, etc.
Dileep Karri: I will say…
Audio shared by Dileep Karri: I want to create presentations when I give as input.
Dileep Karri: The, the requirements document,
Dileep Karri: answers that have been given by the client. So now, I want to create a solid 10 to 12 pitch document on what are the types of services that we can give.
Dileep Karri: The main thing the AI Automation Agency does is end-to-end consulting on various AI workflows, extremely proficient in NAT and automations, etc. I want, the…
Dileep Karri: agent to kind of go through the various answers given by the client, and then build a very customized, solid proposal deck in the below design language.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: So, this is the complete proposal prong. This is another way to do it, okay? You don't require very huge descriptions. I gave that approach also, where we used for the requirements document. I gave this approach also, and this is the critical part.
Dileep Karri: to create… the PPP.
Dileep Karri: Definitely use… the document… PPTX skill to create the… Actual peak.
Dileep Karri: You should remember one very important thing, that Claude Code
Dileep Karri: cannot automatically invoke skills. You have to invoke the skills.
Dileep Karri: Claude skills are automatically invoked.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now our proposal agent is ready.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, all the buildup, right? A lot of concepts had to come together to kind of do this. So, this is the second type of agent we are building, which is a agent with skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay, the agent that can invoke particular skills.
Dileep Karri: So I'm copying this.
Dileep Karri: Proposal prompt.
Dileep Karri: And… I will go into this.
Dileep Karri: And I will say… slash agents.
Dileep Karri: Create new agent.
Dileep Karri: It should be project itself.
Dileep Karri: Generate with Claude.
Dileep Karri: Okay, describe what it should… agent should.
Dileep Karri: I want to create presentation as give as input the requirements, document answers that have been given by the client, so and so, the below design language, create the PPT, definitely use the document X, this thing.
Dileep Karri: If you want to give your own name, you can say, this is the name of the skill. You can provide that in the description itself, and that name will be used. I don't generally care that much about naming, at least in the beginning, so I create any agent that I want.
Dileep Karri: So, whatever today's session we are seeing, right, I want everybody to be comfortable, so…
Dileep Karri: do go through the recording later on. I've gone extremely slow so that you can understand. So, we can give all tools.
Dileep Karri: Sonnet is more than, sufficient over here.
Dileep Karri: then PBT Creation will keep it doing AI proposal deck creator, that is the name of the skill, or sorry, the agent.
Dileep Karri: green.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I will say enter to scale this thing. So, my AI proposal deck creator is now ready.
Dileep Karri: Okay, AI Proproposal Deck Creator is done. You need not upload anything, you told it, it is ready right now.
Dileep Karri: Okay, now to check the magic. So let me escape.
Dileep Karri: Now, I will go into that particular file, okay? So, what is the name of that file? So, let me open anti-gravity.
Dileep Karri: And if I go to docs, drmalikrequirementsFilled.md.
Dileep Karri: Act, doctor.
Dileep Karri: So when I press Tab, I will find the file that I require. So I don't require to remember the complete file name. When I press Tab, I will get the different file that is required.
Dileep Karri: I enter, so now this file is referenced. So whenever you want to invoke a file, etc, you can reference that.
Dileep Karri: Using this file, Create a proposal… PBB.
Dileep Karri: Okay, now your AI proposal deck creator is going to create this thing. So here, I didn't invoke the skill. Skill is inside my agent. I invoked the agent invocation, I don't worry.
Dileep Karri: Okay, skill invocation is needed.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So now, your entire proposal is getting created. In the meanwhile, we'll check on the other end what is happening.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I'll say proceed.
Dileep Karri: So, you see it, right? One agent is running on another proposal or requirements, another agent is building a proposal. So, I have two parallel agents, one framing requirements, another building proposals, in two tabs.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I have gone crazy, and I've gone till 5 tabs. Beyond 5 tabs, I did not dare, because what happened is, I was trying to do the same task. I did not design the task properly, so they kind of over, like, you know.
Dileep Karri: Too much context usage, unnecessary context usage has happened. So that's why when you design these agents, these sub-agents, as Claude calls it, right, you should ensure that they do not step on the feet of each other.
Dileep Karri: Right? You can build whatever you want.
Dileep Karri: Okay? This will take some time. In the meanwhile, let me check if there are any questions.
Dileep Karri: Any questions so far, you can just ask me as we wait for the…
Dileep Karri: agent to build, or the agents in the same project, these are agents within this project. That means they work only in the AI automation agency. When you want
Dileep Karri: Agents to work across, you'll have to keep them in personal, not project.
Dileep Karri: Yes, if you do that, it will work, but I was trying something pretty crazy that time, so they stepped on each other. So basically, what I was doing is, I tried to make,
Dileep Karri: Code written by 5 agents in parallel.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I think tech-feed people will understand this. They were all working on the same branch.
Dileep Karri: So, that became a problem. So then I came to know that… I will not teach this, so tech people, you can understand. If you really want to use parallel agents for coding, you should have your code in different subtrees. There is a GitTrees option in Git.
Dileep Karri: and create 5 Git trees, have each agent work on the Gitries, and then merge them together.
Dileep Karri: That is how you should work.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is the, this one, Dr. Fadhke, you, this thing, like, get, GIT, get this thing.
Dileep Karri: Okay, your website mentions AI readiness, assessments, and management training as core offerings. What is the average time inquiry to delivering an assessment report? How much of this process requires repetitive analysis?
Dileep Karri: You know, content creation and knowledge management, client communication and support.
Dileep Karri: roughly how many hours per week, etc. Folks, if you are learning Git trees, etc, please don't. Just hold them back, okay? Because they get into it, I'm telling you, it's a mess. I went through that mess.
Dileep Karri: You should be a little more advanced coder to kind of get into Git trees, parallel sub-agents, etc.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: And, we noticed you use cal.com for scheduling, budget and timeline, and next steps, okay? I can create this.
Dileep Karri: requirements.md.
Dileep Karri: Why did a bot?
Dileep Karri: I think it got…
Dileep Karri: It's stuck. Actually, it got stuck, so let me… Know this?
Dileep Karri: So whenever something like this happens, plus CTRL-C.
Dileep Karri: If that also doesn't work out.
Dileep Karri: There is this red button, and just…
Dileep Karri: Okay, cancel, I think it came back.
Dileep Karri: I terminated it.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I terminated that particular thing right now, because it was causing problems. Let me just check if the PPT was created, etc. So now…
Dileep Karri: Maybe I'll just work it from here itself.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So this time I'll not do any stunts and do some tab switching, etc. Let me keep on this screen, for now. Okay? So,
Dileep Karri: One thing you need to understand behind this is sometimes cloud code can get stuck, can fail.
Dileep Karri: Right? But I have seen 90% of the time, it's decent. If you clearly tell it what you require, clearly tell it this is what is needed, it does a decent job.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: By the way, folks, if you're interested, right, you can do two agents in parallel. That is straightforward. For example, you can think of something that can be done in parallel. So it is all a game of agent design.
Dileep Karri: Like, for example, which two agents can run in parallel, which two agents requires context passing? For example, in this case, proposal and requirements cannot run in parallel, unless on different files.
Dileep Karri: Right? You need a proposal first, on that, sorry, you need a requirements first, on that you can build proposal.
Dileep Karri: Right? But sometimes you have different requirement documents and different proposal. You can create requirements for somebody in parallel, you can create proposal for whatever requirements you have gotten in another parallel.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So one thing is… Okay, all that is good. So, can… do you want to create? Yes?
Dileep Karri: Okay? So it is… so basically what it has done is, it is creating a…
Dileep Karri: PPT, so I'll say yes.
Dileep Karri: So, some stuff is happening, all you need to do is say, yes, yes, yes, to create the PPT.
Dileep Karri: So, errors keep happening, the cloud code is intelligent enough to figure out what needs to be done, and do it accordingly.
Dileep Karri: So, for those of you wondering, this is shikanji, not beer.
Dileep Karri: Right, so I remember one of the international time zone sessions, I was having shikanji from actually a bottle which looked exactly like a beer bottle. Sorry, it was kombucha.
Dileep Karri: I was having kombucha, and it looked like a beer bottle. Then, you know, I got comments like, enjoying a chill beer while vibe coding, etc. So then I decided that from then on, I'll explain that what I'm drinking before going in.
Dileep Karri: So, you know your system is working well when the timer is ticking, and the tokens also keeps increasing.
Dileep Karri: Okay? If your timer stops, Nothing is moving, something happened.
Dileep Karri: So, one more thing.
Dileep Karri: Yes.
Dileep Karri: One more thing you need to understand is, when you are trying to build this stuff overall.
Dileep Karri: When you're trying to do all of this stuff.
Dileep Karri: Right? What happens is, when you're building such PPTs that you are trying to build, etc, and all that, there you go, the PPTX has been created with the AI practice automation proposal, key challenges, time allocation versus pain points, scaling opportunity.
Dileep Karri: our solution, solution overview, etc, so on and so forth, okay? So first, let us look at the document, what
Dileep Karri: AIPush has given, and then we'll go back to the slides and see how far we have come across.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, let us go to anti-gravity.
Dileep Karri: Okay, please… okay, in the documents, this is filled.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so how do organizations typically discover and engage? Inbound referrals, speaking engagements, podcast appearances, and at medical schools? Okay? Then most of my clients come through LinkedIn content and referrals. I post regularly about healthcare, AI governance, etc.
Dileep Karri: Then… What is a typical project life cycle? Initial contact, discovery call, proposal development, contracting, engagement, knowledge transfer, follow-up.
Dileep Karri: Then time allotment.
Dileep Karri: Then, given your success, what is preventing you from scaling? Time spent on proposal creation and client onboarding. Proposal creation, we are automating, just very close. Repetitive client education on healthcare, AI fundamentals, project status, knowledge management, etc.
Dileep Karri: Biggest bottlenecks, proposal creation, client education, lead qualification. If you could automate one aspect, proposal generation with intelligent personalization.
Dileep Karri: then,
Dileep Karri: You know, actively thinking about this. Automation, as an AI expert yourself, how do you envision AI? Where AI should augment? Research synthesis, first draft generation, client-facing education, meeting preparation, pattern recognition?
Dileep Karri: Then, have you experimented in any AI tools? Try it but haven't found the right solution? I know it is wrong, okay, but for the purpose of this.
Dileep Karri: We'll take it as correct.
Dileep Karri: what I have tried, tools and platforms, CRM, project scheduling, etc, whatever has been used.
Dileep Karri: So we said HubSpot, Notion, etc, investment, all of this. So we have given a bunch of information that is there.
Dileep Karri: Now, time to look at the PPT.
Dileep Karri: So, for the PPT, what I'm going to do is, I'm going to upload the PPT over here, okay?
Dileep Karri: So the reason I'll upload here is… oh, it's already filled.
Dileep Karri: Just give me a second, I'll go to a different account.
Dileep Karri: And… where is it? It's in Downloads. I go to… AI projects, AI Automation Agency, And,
Dileep Karri: Where is the… Oh, here, drmalikproproposal.bptx.
Dileep Karri: Okay, a few issues right off the bat. It created the PPT, but it did not follow the design language.
Dileep Karri: Okay? That's okay. First, let us look at the content. We will fix the other issues as we move along.
Dileep Karri: Okay? AI Practice Automation Proposal, Executive Summary, it is this.
Dileep Karri: Then, understanding your practice, current state analysis based on the… this thing, then scaling opportunity, R solution, integrated AI practice, proposal intelligence system. So, I know that proposal intelligence is where you kind of want to put the effort.
Dileep Karri: Then, lead qualification, knowledge, education, and education automation, etc.
Dileep Karri: I love this.
Dileep Karri: Right? So, the problem is, outskilled design was completely missed.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now what I'll do is, I will… go into…
Dileep Karri: the Claude Code.
Dileep Karri: And I will go back to Agents.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And…
Dileep Karri: Where is the project agent gone?
Dileep Karri: Let me quit and come back.
Dileep Karri: So, always the Indian start and restart.
Dileep Karri: works, okay? So, just to tell other people, right, in India, when equipment does not work, the first thing you do, there are two things you do. One thing is, you switch it off and switch it on. That is the first thing. Second thing is, you give it a tight slap.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Especially the CPUs, right? You tap it, you slap it, suddenly it starts working.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I'm going to go to the deck creator. I will say Edit Agent.
Dileep Karri: I'll say open in editor.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: So, if you see, the editor, it has actually kind of has everything.
Dileep Karri: But it didn't get used.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so we'll figure out why.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so now I'll exit.
Dileep Karri: I… So here, let me see what…
Dileep Karri: Okay, I got it, I got it.
Dileep Karri: It did not invoke that agent.
Dileep Karri: That's what has happened. So let me try it once again.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Using… the proposal agent, I'll just make it very explicitly clear.
Dileep Karri: Create the… PPP.
Dileep Karri: Burger.
Dileep Karri: Right, something like that.
Dileep Karri: Okay, now the thing is doing. It is going to use the AI Proposal Tech Creator agent based on his healthcare requirements.
Dileep Karri: The previous time, what has happened is it did not really, kind of pick it up, so that is a reason why it was not done, and that's why. And now it's a good way to kind of check the outputs. One, without the agent.
Dileep Karri: Where it just created the PPD. Now, let us see one with the agent, how it does.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so as the agent is building, right, any questions you guys have, you can keep putting. I will do the Q&A side-by-side itself.
Dileep Karri: But everybody followed so far, right? So the previous time, what agent did it use? No agent, it just directly picked it up and tried to do this.
Dileep Karri: So, tabs in Windows, right?
Dileep Karri: Tabs in Windows, I think,
Dileep Karri: In command prompt only, you should see. I really don't know, it has been ages since I touched Windows, so I'll be a little this thing there. But what you can do is just put it in the AI Sylvia, you should get the answer, right? You say Windows system.
Dileep Karri: How can I invoke parallel? One thing I know is you can invoke multiple command this thing also, side by side, even if not a tab.
Dileep Karri: Maybe Tab is something, that is present in Mac.
Dileep Karri: Okay, and the other part is skill also is invoked now. Document PPTX skill is also invoked.
Dileep Karri: If you see here, PPTX skill is getting invoked. So now you'll see the output with skill, without skill, with agent, without agent.
Dileep Karri: Why didn't pick the agent? I really don't know. Usually, it picks it, because the previous time it picked it, right? Again, it will get better, and it will.
Dileep Karri: Look.
Dileep Karri: Did you find the… this thing? No, I didn't have to do it, Sylvia. If you remember, I used something called Plugins Install. So, I used the plugins install to actually install the particular thing.
Dileep Karri: Yeah, I think it is aborted.
Dileep Karri: Something has happened, so it has aborted it, currently.
Dileep Karri: It's okay. What I'll do is I'll try to fix it, and I'll tell you what we could do to kind of fix it overall. But, plugins install will not consume tokens, but agents, when you run, it will consume tokens.
Dileep Karri: Okay? One more very, I'll tell you one hack.
Dileep Karri: Claudebot, mold bot. First, let us get to Claude Code. Okay, let us understand this. MoldBot and all is very far away.
Dileep Karri: Okay? See, one more thing with mold water, right? Just jokes aside, it is a huge security risk.
Dileep Karri: Like, I am trying it, I have actually… that is the reason why I have actually installed it on a VPS. That means I'm using Hostinger. In Hostinger, I'm running CloudBot, and I'm stress testing it. I will never allow it to touch my files until unless I am, you know.
Dileep Karri: I am confident.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I've kept it in a separate, instance, and
Dileep Karri: You should… yeah, mold book is crazy, by the way. MoldBook is, you know, agents ******** about what their creators have been asking them to do. So, think about interns.
Dileep Karri: creating a WhatsApp group, telling, my boss gave me this task, my boss gave me that task, etc. And, you know, it's like a group where they're ******** about it. So that is the, Claude book, mold book, by the way.
Dileep Karri: How do you call the terminal for Cloud Code? Yes, you do it from PowerShell. So, Celia, you can go to Cloud Code main homepage, on the homepage itself.
Dileep Karri: Right? You can just search for Claude Code, you can actually search the instructions. There is a single command copy-paste that you can use correctly. I showed it today also, in case you missed it, you can check it out, but just simply type Claude Code, open the docs, how to start, it gives you the command to do that.
Dileep Karri: So, how will I recover from this? Okay, I'll tell you some things that I'll try. Sometimes, it could be just…
Dileep Karri: the time today that it is kind of not working, okay? So I can say escape to interrupt, or I'll say CTRL-C.
Dileep Karri: So I'll terminate this.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I'll just give you the process of how I will make it work.
Dileep Karri: So, I'll… do this. So what I'll do is I'll again go to… No loads… Projects…
Dileep Karri: agency, right? Then I'll invoke Claude.
Dileep Karri: And I'll say, I have been… trying to… drum at… AI Proposal Creator Agent.
Dileep Karri: But every time… It… aborts.
Dileep Karri: Can you… Fix it.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is how I ask Claude Code itself to diagnose the issue.
Dileep Karri: So I'll try to do one, two attempts to fix it.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: the agent differences thing, but the thing is, document skills, PPTX with a hyphen. This is what it is trying to do. I will say edit, yes.
Dileep Karri: So, diagnosed it, so it is fixing it.
Dileep Karri: And say yes.
Dileep Karri: So, in case this does not work, what I would do…
Dileep Karri: Okay, what I will try to do, okay, let me first invoke Sorry.
Dileep Karri: I'm just explicitly calling it just for…
Dileep Karri: You know, the… this thing? Yeah, it is going to pick it up.
Dileep Karri: So, in case this is also not working, suppose this also doesn't work, I will do 2-3 attempts to fix it.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Within 2-3 attempts, if it does not fix, I will start to build the agent from scratch. I will delete the agent, and start it again from scratch. Okay, the logic I'll tell you. AI is always, you know, you won't get the same output twice.
Dileep Karri: You build once, you'll get one output. You try to do it again, you'll try to… you'll get another output.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So you won't get the same output twice.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that's why I will, try to build, this in this way.
Dileep Karri: Okay, time is increasing, tokens are not increasing, but okay, as long as the clock is running, it is fine.
Dileep Karri: By the way, for other folks, shikanji is a typical Indian drink, which has got cumin seeds and some other masalas, along with sparkling water slash soda.
Dileep Karri: It's a drink you should definitely have.
Dileep Karri: Okay, you can keep asking any questions or doubts that you have, I'll keep answering.
Dileep Karri: Okay, skill also got invoked.
Dileep Karri: That is good.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Yes?
Dileep Karri: Time between teaching, exploring new tech, and meetings, and family time.
Dileep Karri: So, you guys need to…
Dileep Karri: So, the way I do it, one thing is, I go to office a little late, okay? So, me and Vaibao have that, you know, thing that I will come to… I do go to office around 12pm. I start from 12pm. That is because the Bangalore traffic is so horrendous.
Dileep Karri: If I start at 12PM, I will, kind of reach by 30, minutes. If I start at, say, the usual time of 9.30, I'll reach at 11am, one and a half hours.
Dileep Karri: So, I would rather spend that extra 1 hour sitting at home, exploring the tech, and trying to do some experiments.
Dileep Karri: Use this workflow using Cloud Code and OLAMA, yes. OLAMA, I think you can use… there are some… I think yesterday only I saw one tutorial.
Dileep Karri: And tomorrow, I think whenever I try to do it right, I will definitely, you know, kind of build it out for… I'll share that video with you, where you can connect local LLMs with Cloud Code, but I will not really suggest that, for a simple reason, that when you want such autonomous agents to learn.
Dileep Karri: run right. You require a very, very… You know.
Dileep Karri: I would say you require a very big,
Dileep Karri: this thing, right? You require a, you know,
Dileep Karri: You require a very huge system on which your LLMs run.
Dileep Karri: Otherwise, the power that you see, right, it doesn't make sense. I think I'll just allow it.
Dileep Karri: Bachelopano.
Dileep Karri: Let it run.
Dileep Karri: Okay? But you don't do that. You keep giving the permissions, because
Dileep Karri: You are starting through. I have kept it in a specific, this thing, etc. So, 24GB remap VRAM. Oh, then, definitely, you can, test it out. You can connect. I will share the YouTube video on the WhatsApp group, let me search for that YouTube video, because it came into my feed, before I could check it out, it disappeared. So, let me check that out, and I'll share it with you.
Dileep Karri: Right? And,
Dileep Karri: Yes, so it is creating a .html, because that is how PPTX skill works. pbptx skill creates the HTML first.
Dileep Karri: And HTML is built using React, so it looks very good, it looks beautiful, and that HTML is then converted into PDF.
Dileep Karri: Oh, wow, that's a awesome system.
Dileep Karri: 32GB RAM.
Dileep Karri: You should, try Memotron.
Dileep Karri: Okay, there is a Nemotron NVIDIA's models, which are very, very powerful. They are distilled versions of DeepSeek. You should try running that model, and KimiK2. I think KimiK2.5, I think, just dropped.
Dileep Karri: Right, you should try those Kimi K2 models. These are almost comparable to, these models, so you should try them out.
Dileep Karri: It is not advanced. It is… you need an advanced machine, that's all. It is the same DeepSeek model.
Dileep Karri: communicate, yeah, it's a good model. It's a n plus 1 fourth of the cost.
Dileep Karri: So, it is almost one-fourth of the cost of Opus 4.5.
Dileep Karri: I really don't know, Lipsa. I kind of… I'm not so sure, because it should be there. Just, maybe use few more threads and try to see, right? I'm not sure whether it is a… because it's a $20 per month plan, because co-work is research preview.
Dileep Karri: So, it might not have been properly rolled out for you also, that could also be, this thing.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I'll… Make it create all this.
Dileep Karri: So, one problem with skills, right?
Dileep Karri: One problem with all of the skills is they will guzzle your tokens like anything.
Dileep Karri: Right? Because, you are going agent tick.
Dileep Karri: Okay, since you are going agentic, you are going to spend a lot of tokens.
Dileep Karri: So, it is…
Dileep Karri: It is trying to, you know, do multiple things, it is trying to pick multiple things, it is trying to pick the scripts, it is doing a bunch of stuff to ensure that we are able to get the PPT.
Dileep Karri: Okay? The moment of truth, hopefully it'll come properly.
Dileep Karri: Yes, it is very similar to VIP coding, but this is meant for… see, it is bringing the world of agents and coding together, right? Agent also kind of done…
Dileep Karri: In a very similar manner, right? But it kind of does multiple things all through.
Dileep Karri: I don't want to stop it.
Dileep Karri: Yes, yes, it can do that. Why cloud code has become very powerful is, it helped in, you know, building these custom agents, sub-agents, which can really work
Dileep Karri: together and, you know, kind of build things in this particular manner. So because of that, it could, it came up, a lot. Plus, the quality of code, right? It… the quality of code it built was definitely much better.
Dileep Karri: Right? So, token usage here is on the higher side, but when you wipe code also, your token usage is higher. You invoke quite a bit of tokens, unless you control everything. So, same…
Dileep Karri: It is not about this versus that, but what people found is Claude Code code got
Dileep Karri: Picked up by a lot of non-tech people. If you actually go to, you know, Reddit thread on Claude Code.
Dileep Karri: People keep talking about very fantastic use cases and etc. that they have used, and tomorrow.
Dileep Karri: I will start with that, to show you some good extensions that you can use for Claude Code.
Dileep Karri: Okay? One for the… one, some which will be used very well for the coding folks, some, anybody can build it up.
Dileep Karri: same agent, simply in NHN, right? See, NATEN, when I have to build this agent, I'll have to, again, PPT Builder with this same… this thing, I won't be able to do that.
Dileep Karri: Okay, you let… wait for the output, you'll see the difference.
Dileep Karri: Plus, NA10 is not so… see.
Dileep Karri: Can you tell me if I had to build this in NATEN, which is easier? This one would have been easier, or the NATON one would have been easier?
Dileep Karri: By… from what you saw.
Dileep Karri: this is easier. So, the adoption of non-tech for this… so, there were people trying to do it in NA10, they felt that that whatever intro of NA10, they felt this was easier. Again, it's a very personal choice, right? Some, you know.
Dileep Karri: I can use multiple parts to the same destination.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I can go for multiple paths to the same destination. It depends on what I would, you know, kind of use myself.
Dileep Karri: Right? So, the reason I'm going deeper into Cloud Code is it has gotten adopted by a lot.
Dileep Karri: People are using, a lot for this. Again, innate and when you started learning, you would have seen a lot of discomfort, then slowly you got used to it, right? This also is the same thing. Do we have control to review between an agent's task? Right now, no.
Dileep Karri: Right? After the agent has produced the output, you can control, or you can design your process in such a way that
Dileep Karri: Building the slide outline can be one agent's output, which you can rectify, and then taking the slides and building the PPT can be another agent. So you can divide the agent work if you want to do a review.
Dileep Karri: Okay.
Dileep Karri: Can you show max edit capabilities of an output?
Dileep Karri: I didn't understand that, but I don't want to touch it right now, okay? So…
Dileep Karri: I'm not sure about what Mac said it, maybe I have missed it out. I'll check it, and I'll see if…
Dileep Karri: there is something like that. There's something like code of the agent. So, there is no code of the agent, there is just the config file. So if you go into the agent folder, right?
Dileep Karri: I think, let it run and I'll come back.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so if you actually go into agents.
Dileep Karri: So, this is the configuration file. So, this is the heart of an agent.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is the… exactly how the agent should work.
Dileep Karri: So this markdown file determines how the agent should work.
Dileep Karri: It's going on, it's okay.
Dileep Karri: So, they don't think of it like, okay, how much time it is taking to create the PPT. Think of it in the sense that this is running while you're doing some other work.
Dileep Karri: Right? So, you are not wasting time on spending, like, okay, this font, this thing I have to fix, or that font, that thing I have to fix. Everything is running
Dileep Karri: While you speak, so the way I work with agent is I will keep everything on cloud code, I will just verify a few things, and then I say, okay, run, and I leave it. Then I go to meeting, I'll go here, I go there, and all. In fact, I'll tell you one thing. Whenever I am preparing a session, right, I put a dump of all the sessions into a folder, and I allow Cloud Code to run.
Dileep Karri: And I'll tell claw code, build me a lesson plan on the same.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Claude Code gives me one lesson plan. Then I ask… then I tell, okay, this part, I want to move it above, because I feel this is what it is, because I have the context of how the learners learn. So I rearrange the stuff.
Dileep Karri: And once the complete lesson plan is created.
Dileep Karri: I use it as a reference, but then I improvise.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And then I improvise. Basically, I judge the, you know, kind of,
Dileep Karri: You know, I judge the pulse of the audience, I try to understand, okay, whether they are getting it or not getting it, and based on that, I either follow the plan or improvise everything. So that is how it works. So that is the human part of it.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Then, learning different ways to build agents, which called 4 can accomplish most automation, etc. See, for simple, innate and automations, I will advise you to build yourself.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I'll tell you why. Because connecting 4-5 nodes and making it work
Dileep Karri: It's much cheaper than allowing an agent to run and go into an infinite loop and keep building over and so on and so forth.
Dileep Karri: Completely.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so very, very important to understand that part.
Dileep Karri: Right?
Dileep Karri: I think last slide, ROI slide, is being created. Last slide.
Dileep Karri: Okay, 18,000 tokens already used.
Dileep Karri: Right, so it is always about the time and constraints. So, suppose I was building a PPT.
Dileep Karri: Right? How much time it would have taken for me. That is one consideration. Second thing is, if I gave an intern the PPT, what is the cost of an intern versus the token cost I'm playing Claude Code?
Dileep Karri: So that is how you have to think of costing. So whenever you're thinking of AI tool costing, right, think about your time.
Dileep Karri: So I remember my first boss used to tell me, so, you know, at one point in time, around 60% of my time, I was always in meetings. So my boss called me.
Dileep Karri: And, said.
Dileep Karri: You know, I want to do this math, think about the salary you are getting, divide it by the number of hours you are in office, and give me the hourly rate, okay? And tell me how many useless meetings you have been sitting, and how much time you have wasted.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, of course, she told it in a very different, nice way, okay? Not as blunt as I put it, right? But, basically, that is how you… this is a great way to think about AI.
Dileep Karri: Lower token com… you can try, okay? See, the problem is, when you want to go agentic.
Dileep Karri: You cannot control the tokens. Like, you either have one of two.
Dileep Karri: Either you go for more power and more autonomy to the agent, allow it to build, but, you know, kind of leave it and not worry about tokens. Pay that extra dollar.
Dileep Karri: Alright? Or the other hand, where you are extremely paranoid about tokens, you're worried about it, and you are kind of figuring out every extra dollar and trying to figure that out.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So today, right, I'll tell you one very interesting thing. This is, something, Iran.
Dileep Karri: Something that I would,
Dileep Karri: Want to, tell you this.
Dileep Karri: When you are working with AI agents right now, you might find it very slow, okay? But think of the possibility. See, all the agents and tools you are seeing underlying, they work on the models.
Dileep Karri: Okay? As the models get better, your tools get exponentially much better.
Dileep Karri: Case and example is AI video creation.
Dileep Karri: Okay? In 2023, there was this image of Will Smith eating spaghetti which came, which was very, you know, horrible, and then today, when you do the prompt, you get very much accurate, things overall.
Dileep Karri: Right?
Dileep Karri: How to get automations with the agents? Automations we will discuss tomorrow. Today, I'm trying to show you
Dileep Karri: Basically, what I tried to show you was some fundamentals, and how you can create sub-agents, as Claude calls it. We created one sub-agent, which was a requirement subagent, which can take a website and create a questionnaire you can send across.
Dileep Karri: Second agent, which is now working is the Deck Creator agent, which will take the response and create the complete PPT.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so 17 minutes it has taken to create the PPT. So the thing is, the content has already been ready.
Dileep Karri: Right? And then, you know, the next part is the actual PPT creation is what is taking time, because there's a lot of coding that is happening.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, one way you could have said is, you know what, Dilip, I can just copy the PPT outline and directly put it in gamma. Okay? Now, imagine I'm just running this agent, I'm running some errands, I'm attending some meetings, I'm coming back, agent is done.
Dileep Karri: So that is how you have to think. Don't think that, okay, on a session it feels different, but when actually you are putting it to work, you are making it work, and then it is going to get the output.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I think we are in the last 2 to 3 minutes. Once I see the presentation, we are done. As I said, any questions, etc, you can keep putting it. I will tell you.
Dileep Karri: So tomorrow, we will go into a little bit advanced, okay?
Dileep Karri: So tomorrow, we'll go a slightly…
Dileep Karri: We'll go slightly advanced.
Dileep Karri: So wherein we will talk about connecting MCPs tomorrow.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so we'll go into MCP tomorrow. So today, I went a little bit slower because I wanted to show, some stuff. Tomorrow, I'll go into little advanced stuff, so that other people who like some advanced stuff.
Dileep Karri: they can actually, see it. So, I'll talk about the advanced stuff, and I'll try to be slow, but…
Dileep Karri: Understand that if I go very slow, there'll be some things I cannot teach. So today, I went extremely slow, because these are the bare essentials that you need.
Dileep Karri: I can't share pre-reads, because when I share pre-reads, you'll get confused. See, I could have sent a pre-read saying skills and MCP and this, unless I gave the articulation, you won't have understood.
Dileep Karri: Done. It is saying done. Is it done?
Dileep Karri: There you go.
Dileep Karri: Okay, 12-slide structure, design applied, Dr. Malik AI Automation Proposal. Okay, so let us…
Dileep Karri: Look at this. Yes, yes, of course, let us see it.
Dileep Karri: Okay, this is the old one.
Dileep Karri: Now, we will go for the new one.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Already from the thumbnail, I can see that it followed the design guideline.
Dileep Karri: Why is it not uploading? No, it's uploaded.
Dileep Karri: There you go.
Dileep Karri: Right?
Dileep Karri: The fonts, the colors.
Dileep Karri: Some formatting here and there is a little bit off, okay, but more or less, it has…
Dileep Karri: Done a better job than the previous one, which was very, very vanilla in nature.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So this is the… One, I'll share it with everyone.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: So here is the thing. So this is the reason why, you know, the…
Dileep Karri: You know, we have gone through all the pain today, so there is a little bit of problem, right? For example, some content is kind of overlapping, etc, but on slideshow, does it work? Yeah. So there is some formatting, you have to do some changes here and there a little bit. It went a little text-heavy, so one edit I'll make to the agent is…
Dileep Karri: I can make text-heavy. Beautify this slide, right? If I click on this, it will create a nano-banana image.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so that's what it does. So,
Dileep Karri: that is what it is, and yeah, I can edit it also if you want. You can edit any of the portions.
Dileep Karri: And you can do some little cosmetic changes, and you are done.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that's today's session, folks, where we have taken
Dileep Karri: Right, where we have taken the idea of agents in Cloud Code, so basically we have taken, Cloud Code, agents, overall, and then we have taken this idea of.
Dileep Karri: You know, trying to take from each step, we understood the fundamentals first of
Dileep Karri: command line, coding for marketers, etc, all that. We, tried to, understand all of that. Then, next part was we went into understanding the.
Dileep Karri: different basic commands of cloud code. We are trying to build interns for our AI automation agency. We built two agents today. One is a requirements collection agent, which can send a Markdown file with the questionnaire, and the other one is the
Dileep Karri: basic, you know, proposal PPT creation agent, which can create proposal PPTs that you can send to all the clients.
Dileep Karri: Alright, thanks folks. Tomorrow, we will see some advanced stuff. I'm pretty excited and nervous about it, because, you know, trying to do some video motion graphic creation using Cloud Code, plus N8 and Cloud Code, it's going to be interesting.
Dileep Karri: The tokens are alive till then tomorrow.
Dileep Karri: All right, thank you folks, have a great one, and we will meet tomorrow for the next one.